3	B00005N7YR	13 year old fps fan speaking here and you have my word that this is one of the best fps this fan has played ever. The graphics are very good, if not sloppy at some times,and the sounds are better than Ghost Recon. The fact that there is no blood is not a bad thing, it just means that more people will play it.The AI acts smart and stupid at the same time, the snipers must have auto aim on because they can hit you when you are showing a milimeter of your body. The multiplayer is ok,it has it's moments, but it has nothing on Wolfenstein, But if you compare the single player to Wolfenstein there is no comparison, Medal of Honor is the total winner.I love the d-day mission.
3	B00005N7YR	If you have a high speed modem you will be playing this until the end of time.  My only complaint would be a lack of multiplayer maps.  But other than that this is a fun game.
3	B00005N7YR	Use to play this sooo much back in the day. One of the best mutliplayer WW2 games ever made. Online is kind of dead now though.
3	B00005N7YR	I really like this game. Lots of action, shooting and getting shot. Overall, great graphics and game play. I recommend this game to anyone who likes shooter, first person shooters and military games. My rating 5 stars and a thumbs up.
3	B00005N7YR	Wow... this game is going to be a milestone.  It's going to be legendary.  Really, the gameplay is incredible, excellent character movements, reactions and superb AI.  Your buddies and the enemy are very cunning.  The graphics are beautiful, attention to lighting and textures, animated foliage.  There has been talk about being able to take a lot of hits before you die- not so if played on HARD settings.  You'll be lucky to round the corner without a bullet in your head. In any case, this game totally, completely beats the pants off that garbage game Op Flashpoint,(whats all the hype?)  and Ghost recon.  If you like pointy, square, cheesey landscapes and bad renditions of characters, poor voices, realy bad gameplay  and a game that eats up all your machines memory and still looks and plays ..., buy Op flashpoint or Ghost Recon.  wanna have fun playing a piece of art? Buy Medal of Honor-
3	B00005N7YR	Medal of Honor: Allied Assault is arguably the best first person shooter game for the PC. It's two predecessors, Medal of Honor and Medal of Honor: Underground don't even compare with the gameplay, texture, or graphics that the computer enhances. Allied Assault brings a whole new array of weapons into play. You can control more artillery, and a wide variety of authentic WW2 weapons to help defeat the Nazi war machine. You also get to take place in biggest operation ever: Operation Overlord, a.k.a D-Day. With a lot of help from your allies, the Nazis don't stand a chance of defeating you.The only minor annoyance that I know of is that the enemy is such a good shot. And I'm sure those who have played the sniper level will agree with me.Bottom Line: Medal of Honor does it again
3	B00005N7YR	I DOWNLOAD THE DEMO AND IT WAS FUN AND HARD EVEN IN THE EASY MODE I GOING TO BUY THE GAME SOON THIS MONTH AND PLAY IT ONLINE.I HAVE A E-MACHINE PROCESSER INTEL CELERON D 2.80GHZ 256MB ram AND A 64MB VIDEO CARD AND IT RUN GREAT EVEN ON MEDIUM SETTING BUT THE LOAD TIME WAS LONG BUT ONCE YOU GET INTO THE GAME IT WILL BE GREAT NO LAG AT ALL.
3	B00005N7YR	Wow. Really, a great game. The graphics are good, but even at 800x600 with medium details the SP game starts to slow down, at least it does on my computer: P3 866 with 128 sdram and an nVidia TNT 2 m-64. But with a P4, same or higher ram, and a Geforce 2 GTS or better, this game should be smooth. The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars: the HARD difficulty. On the easy skill setting, you should be able to get through the game in about 28-32 hours. But bump up to Medium and your looking at probably 34+ hours. And on Hard, well, forget it. Unless you are an avid FPS player, you will probably need about 56+ hours to complete it. As probably everyone else is saying, the Omaha Beach map is SWEET. The multiplayer version is sort of a let down, as the spawn points can start past the fence, and two of the MG42s from the SP game were removed. (a good thing? possibly)This game has an enormus amount of web community, so explore the web and find whatever you need for the game.Speaking of Multiplayer, get into small (4-12 players)games and get your teammates to work with you or for you and you will suddenly find that the homework you were planning on doing will have to wait for study hall that morning.......
3	B00005N7YR	This game is really good! There's a lot of competition between WWII shooters out there, but I have to say this one is somewhere in the top 3. D-Day is a great mission, the best one. And there are other fun ones that can really challenge you. I have a lot of fun playing this game, I dont really know what all the complaints are all about. People say &quot;The enemy seems to spawn out of nowhere&quot;, do you really care where the enemy runs at you that much? Kinda sad, but anyway, just have fun mowing them down, dont pay attention to where they come from, jeez. The last level is really a good one, I wont give out too many details, but it really puts what you've learned from the other missions to the test. Good game, good buy, not as bad as some people say it is.
3	B00005N7YR	If you look at all the potential problems with playing MOH: AA four years after its release, there are some substantial ones.  It's quite outdated, and after playing newer games like Pacific Asault, the Call of Duties, and Brothers in Arms, it certainly looks and feels it's age.  It's also extremely unrealistic (wait, you mean that level where I have to infiltrate the German sub-base, blow up the sub, and kill 8,000 Germans on the way out didn't actually happen?).  The AI are not very smart.  There is no flanking, counter-flanking or anything close to that.  The German soldiers have their positions and tasks and never deviate from them.  AA is extreeeemley linear, one path, one destination, 400 million enemy soldiers standing in the way....So why the hell is this game still a blast to play?AA is simply classic.  It is the first of its kind to depict World War II combat in a realistic fashion (like Saving Private Ryan was to war movies.)  Despite its age, the levels are still one hell of a ride to blast your way through.  It's James Bond meets War, and the result could not be any sweeter.  I usually get bored when it's one faceless enemy after another in video games, but AA changes up the scenery and mission objectives to keep you on your toes and ramp up the suspense and difficulty factor each time.  While I do abhor the infamous sniper level (which game makers took a whole bunch of flak over), it's quite satisfying to finally get through it and I can unpeel my face from the computer screen and sigh in relief.  That damn train depot level with the five different machine gun towers still gets my heart pounding, wondering when a searchight might spot me.  The scope and ferocity of the Omaha beach level may never again be replicated by a video game.  I have played through that level at least 20 times just for the sheer thrill of it.  The entire Battle in the Bocage is a fantastic campaign, requiring some careful maneuvering and flanking.Say what you want about MOH: AA's senior citizen status, but it will forever remain a staple in all serious war gamers collections.  While the battles may not play out like newer glossier war games, all I can say is that Allied Assault keeps me glued to the screen for hours each time I pop it into my computer.
3	B00005N7YR	I guess this game is getting to be `old hat', but that doesn't make it any less impressive, IMHO.  Everything about this game is superbly done.  The environments and interaction with the other characters is completely engrossing.  The music is awesome.  The sound can genuinely scare you.  Attention to historic detail is commendable (nobody's ever perfect here - it's a game, after all).  My only complaint is that there isn't anything more difficult than `Hard' - once you map out the action the missions can seem repetitive and the play value at this point is increasing difficulty.  Some of the enemy characters are a bit slow on the draw once you know the drill.  Still, re-playing familiar missions is kept from getting truly boring by the variability in the other characters' movements, etc.This game is an awesome achievement and a great deal of fun to play.  Very highly recommended.  The Spearhead expansion pack is equally well-done.
3	B00005N7YR	MOH Allied Assault is a great 1st person shooter game and I really was impresssed with it. Yet I would advise you to read the following so as to decide wether you want to purchase it or not:1. Requires a very fast computer with atleast 256MB Ram, 700Mhz and a Very Very good Video card if you want to really experience the charm of the game.2. Different from the PS2 version. The PS2 Version is way better!!3. Moderate Graphics..Nothing Great!!Similar to the prior MOH games!4. No Blood and no Gore. Takes away the fun of killing the Nazis!!In conclusion if your computer meets the above listed requirments, If you can deal with the moderate graphics and if you can forget blood and gore, GO GET IT BABY!!
3	B00005N7YR	Being a veteran of first person shooters like Quake and Half-Life, I put a lot of stock in how frightening a game is.  For that reason, I've always been skeptical of war games.  After playing Medal of Honor, I've changed my mind.  Medal of Honor's strengths lie not in fast action and jump-out monsters, but in atmosphere, cinematic gameplay, and strategy in combat.If you've ever wanted to be in a war movie, this is the game to play.  Many of the missions seem to be taken straight from Saving Private Ryan, and the feel of that movie is replicated with amazing accuracy.  At times, the game literally plays like a movie, including superior officers shouting orders to you and fellow soldiers dying in front of you.  Everything adds to the atmosphere, from the extremely well-done and realistic levels to the weather effects like rain and snow.  Even the music, which is half heroic, half chilling (sounds kind of like Star Wars meets Danny Elfman) adds to the feel of the game, though I find sometimes playing with the music off adds to the chilly realism.The gameplay is different than other, more fast-paced shooters.  It forces the player to be cautious and tactical, always running for cover from machine guns, looking over their shoulder, or listening for that distant sniper.  The player must play the role of sniper, shoot enemies from the back of a jeep, drive a tank, destroy tanks with a rocket launcher, call in air strikes, go on covert missions, and even pose as a german officer.My only real complaint is the complete lack of gore.  The game is enjoyable enough without it, but for a game that tries so hard to mimic graphic films like Saving Private Ryan and Enemy At The Gates, it seems silly when you shoot someone and not a single drop of blood falls.  I feel its one of the only things that stops this game from being truly perfect in its realism, but not enough to keep me from giving it five stars and highly recommending it.
3	B00005N7YS	...is electronic 'crack'.  I am not joking.  I enjoy the 'Sims' games but am not a giant fan of them; however, this game...?  UNBELIEVABLE.  I could not stop playing it the first 2 days I had it.  I actually skipped 2 days of work (...cough cough...  sick boss, sorry...) and played the he** out of it!  I cannot wait to play the full version.  The role playing elements are great, I can see that there will very likely be scenarios and specific challenges in addition to the career and 'tycoon' aspects of the game.  This game Roxor!
3	B00005N7YS	If you like sports, you'll like this game.  If you liked the Sims and you like sports, you'll love this game.I'm not the biggest Sims fan, but this game can be played in many different ways.  First of all, think of it as &quot;Golf Tycoon&quot;.  You're offered a basic golf design system and a budget and away you go.  But that isn't all.  You'll find that you take the role of the course pro and actually play the holes you design.  Hey, it ain't Links Pro, but it is fun.Tournaments and pro challenges come after you've started to maintain a club membership base.  Make some alterations to your course to make it suitable for pro play.  Or, make it easier for non pro golfers.  It's your course, so do what you want.Also, you have many different geographical locations to choose from, so the replay value is very good.With all the options and the way to play your course, this game will be yet another prize winner from two of PC gaming's legends, Sid Meier (Pirates, Railroad Tycoon, Civilization) and Will Wright (Sim City, Sim Tower, Sims).How can you lose with all these factors?
3	B00005N7YS	While you read this review you are missing out on valuable time you could be playing this game.  This game by the makers of The Sims is on par with fun.  You make a golf course then you can change the holes, or even play your own golf tournament.  That is right; you can play your own golf course as you could with Roller Coaster.  It is like 2 games in one.  This game also has many different possible courses so replay is endless.  You also don't need to look for those codes to get more money; there is a mode where you can play with infinite money where you try to get your fun and skill rating up.  You can even sell homes to Movie and Music Stars on your golf course.  I knew that the programmers at EA were having a lot of fun creating this game when a &quot;Britney Agulara&quot; bought one of my lakeside homes.  I also enjoyed playing a 9 hole tournament against a &quot;Fuzzy Navel&quot;.  I am not joking if you play this game, you will come across many funny names including the ones I have mentioned here.  This game is a lot of fun!
3	B00005N7YS	Links and other golf-realism fans look elsewhere.  This is not about accurate golf.  It's a money management and resource gathering sim along the lines of Theme Park or Sim-Coaster.  Those expecting this to be as involved or detailed as Meier's Civilization or Alpha Centauri games will also be disappointed.  It's not necessarily challenging, but still fun to play.Like most games of this type, you start out with a blank piece of land and a small sum of money and your job is to build up your course hole by hole until you raise enough money to err... go on to another blank piece of land.  Detail is sacrificed for simplicity in this game.  You can raise/lower terrain, add fairway, green and various traps rather intuitively but you can't make the sandtrap the exact shape you are looking for.  You can win awards for a number of different achievements such as completing dog-leg holes or hitting the 9 and 18 hole marks.  As your course becomes popular and the money starts pouring in, you can also sell prime real estate which celebrities such as "Curtis Weird" will move into.Once you get a hole or two built, you can open your course to the familiar Sims who travel the course, speaking their gibberish, and showing their enthusiasm (or disgust) at your creation.  A well designed course is also necessary to impress the city officials who, after a pleasing round of golf, will allow you to buy additional parcels of land to expand your course.  If your course is particularly well designed, a pair of sims will start an elaborate story you can follow along with as they play.  A pair may fall in love, start a business together, or whatever.  If the story reaches a conclusion, a bonus item (usually some kind of course decoration) will drop from the sky and on to the course.  It's interesting to follow, but after about four or five stories, they'll start to repeat themselves.A weaker aspect of the game is the tournaments you play against fellow sims to build up your skills such as putting, driving, etc... It's *very* basic.  You may make a mouse click or two on the initial drive, but the computer takes over from there right down to the final putt.  You might as well be rolling dice.  I wonder why it was ever incorporated into the game.It's a very easy game, so if you're looking for a challenge straight out of the box, skip the normal level and go straight to difficult.  There's also a nice feature that allows you to import your face in the game; the readme.txt file details how to do it.  It's tricky, but you can import three different faces (happy, normal, mad) using a program that edits .bmp files (such as Paint Shop or Microsoft's Photo Editor). Then your face will appear in the giant photo of yourself as you pull up your character's statistics (I was hoping my mug would appear in the game itself, but alas...)I killed an entire evening playing this game right out of the box. It sucks you in very quickly with its simplicity. However I don't find myself coming back to it that much the way I did playing The Sims.  Perhaps it's because it's easy or maybe it's just because I'm sure I've probably seen everything already.  So the next chunk of land is a wooded area instead of a tropical beach.  What's the use of continuing if you're just going to create another course and listen to the same jabbering sims over and over again?Still, if you ever wished you create your own Pebble Beach or Mauna Kea resort, this game delivers.
3	B00005N7YS	This game, is great! You hit it up with different kinds of places to go and do, and you can make your own golf courses, and making your private club great! You can have your own golfer that plays, and there is 10 different scales, and if you get 10 holes done, you can upgrade your hotals, theme parks, cart shops, and more! You can change other people, making them good looking, or a old lady! People can throw there golf clubs in the lake, or love your private golf club, and become a member, silver member, or even if your lucky, a GOLD MEMBER! Which you get a lot of money from! Not only do you get a regular mode, you get sandbox mode, is unlimited money! You can save your games for champanchips too! This game has it all!Grapics/Looking Animation-No, not good for this kind of age, it's like Roller Coster Tycoon. 3/10Fun-This game is FUN! 10/10Gameplay/Movieplay-This lasts a long time, but not as much as other sim games. 8/10Sound-Is great! I love the music in here! 9/10Overall-A nother Maxis/EA game you NEED to get! 9/10, I give it 5 stars for amazon.com!
3	B00005N7YS	Having read some interesting press on this game, I decided to download the demo.  For the record, I like SimCity, Alpha Centauri, and other games these designers have separately participated in.  I am not a big fan of The Sims, however, as I find it repetitive.  The Demo starts out a lot like Roller Coaster Tycoon, another favorite of mine.  If that had been it, I would have stopped there and stuck with RCT.  However, working out the course design is wickedly fun and engrossing, with some interesting tools to help (including graphs of how the golf ball will behave in the hands of SimGolfers of different skill).  I played the Demo solidly for 4 hours without realizing it.  The fact that you can &quot;play&quot; a round of golf and select shots for your SimGolf pro (with shades of &quot;The Sims&quot; like personality selection) makes this even more addictive.
3	B00005N7YS	I downloaded the Demo (really a friend did for me) and I play it every day. I love it! it is SOOOO cool. I am buying this game the moment it comes out. here are some of the features of the game:1.You Can Make Your Dream Country Club2. You Can Build Up Skills For Your SimGolfer By Playing Tornements and Stuff.3. The Graphics Are Good4. Great Sound (except for the Sims...they say stupid phrases like: My Shoonie...??WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??)5. Tons Of FunBuy This Game Right When It Comes Out. I know I am.
3	B00005N7YS	I played these game everyday and it is a Sid Mierer's game so how can you complain.  It is a fun game. I am leaving this review a few years after I got it so it is kind of old now.
3	B00005N7YS	I'm a big fan of Sid Meier's previous games - Civilization and Civ II being some of my all-time favorites!  I can't even count the number of hours I've spent playing those two games - probably well in to the hundreds.  Anyways, I normally would never pick up a golf game, I don't usually play sport-type games, but since it had Sid Meier's name on it I decided to give it a try.  I was not disappointed!It plays like most other Sim/Tycoon games - you start with your basic empty plot of land and build it up to a huge golf course.  You build golf holes, hire staff, get different buildings and attractions (driving range, etc).  One feature that I really enjoyed was selling plots of land to celebrities - they're a lot of fun to watch!  You also can play in a tournament against another golfer, which is pretty easy.  I am not skilled at golf games, so I enjoyed it a lot because it was not too complicated.Another fun feature is to watch the patrons of your course.. because sometimes they'll start on a funny story.  If you watch them the entire time they're golfing, they'll keep going on with the story.  If they finish (a sign of a good course I guess!) then you get a special prize (some kind of decorative item usually).I was surprised I enjoyed this game as much as I did.  I played it for several days exclusively, but haven't played it since.  It doesn't have the longevity that some other games do (namely the Sims for me), but it did keep my attention for many hours over the course of a few days and for the price, I say its worth it!
3	B00005N7YS	I bought this game a few years ago for $20 and it is still one of the best games I've ever bought. The game lets pick a part of the world you want to build a golf course, lets you design it down to the last detail and best of all you get to place the courses that you build. I never get tired of this game. Works fine with vista.
3	B00005N7YS	In this game you manage your own golf course/country club. You manage building your course holes. Starting out with a few to eventually you have a 18 hole course. You can create each hole to your liking with roughs, greens, sandtraps, water, fareways and tees. You can add cart paths to connect your holes. Also you can add houses to be occupied by celebrities. You can host tournaments to gain additional income for your course.
3	B00005N7YS	You wouldn't think this could be all that much fun, but it kept me entertained for hours. This truely was a surprise to me. A cure little game like this, and it is just as fun as all the high-profile, high-budget games...There are some shortcomings though. For one, the graphics would be much more impressive, if there were more zoom levels. There is all kinds of stuff going on, and I would like to see these things up close.Also, I ended up running out of things to do on some of the courses. It would be nice if one could build more than one course on a property. For instance, I ended up building an 18 hole course on a lot that was a bit too small for it really. Therefore, I ended up building a course that was too short overall for tournements. But once I got more land, it was too much of a pain to redo it all. I wish I could have built a second 9-hole course, and perhaps even picked individual holes out of both courses, to make up an 18 hole championship course.I also wished I'd have a bit more influence of the actual definition of a hole. While you are in full control of the actual layout of the hole, it is not possible to set whether it's a par 3, 4, or 5. It does so simply by length of the whole. If you build a very tricky hole however, the destination from the tee to the green may be short, but it may require to play the long way around. Therefore, par 3 clearly isn't right. Another issue is that each hole only has one tee. How about women's and champion tees?Overall, constructing courses and holes is very straightforward. A very worthwhile game!PS: There are quite a few bugs in the boxed version. Nothing too serious. Mainly weird graphical effects. Make sure to visit the web site for patches.
3	B00005N7YS	This is one truly good golf game, and sim game, for that matter. I downloaded the demo version and found it to be quite entertaining. You don't need to enjoy golf at all to enjoy this game, as I am HORRIBLE at real golf, but thoroughly enjoyed this software.It is fun to watch guests come in and watch them golf and hear their comments, and it is fun to watch your own character, which you receive at the start of your game, improve. I thought one of the truly unique features of this game was the ability to enter tournaments and play on your course as your character. You get to line up your shots, pick what type of shot, etc, allthough you do not get to putt, which didn't take away any of the experience for me.The only things I would advise you to be ready for are the following:1. There are occasional graphics glitches, although this may be a demo problem, I don't know.2. There are frequent spelling problems by the programmers in game, as well as grammatical and punctuational. This won't bother most people, but it's something to watch for.All in all, I would say to buy this game, or if you don't believe me, download the demo from EA's Web site, ea.com. When I find the right deal on the price, I am going to purchase the full copy. Enjoy!
3	B00005N7YS	I looked into information on this game and it seemed very interesting. So I downloaded the SimGolf Demo at Gamespy.com and I have to say, this is one of the best games ever! The gameplay is extordinary and the graphics are awesome! You start out as a golf course designer and you have to build golf courses that are fun and have lots of creativity put into them. You can complete your courses with water, rough, rocks, streams, sand traps, and a lot more hazards to make your courses challenging, but still fun. Also, you can help improve your golfers skills by adding pro shops, driving ranges, put practices, and a lot of other buildings such as snack bars, resorts, marinas, and just about anything you can think of. Your golfers are like real people. They talk to each other, fight with each other, get tired, thirsty, hungry, and they do just about anything you would do, but the fun just doesn't stop there! You can also hold tournaments and if you win a tournament you get lots of cash to improve your golf course. I love playing on my golf courses, but on the demo you can only build three holes. Well, this game has almost everything packed into it. I simply love the demo and I can't wait for the SimGolf game to come out in stores! If you love games where you have to work everything out with strategy and love building things then I say get this game. SimGolf has eye-popping graphics, sweet sweet gameplay, and a hell of a lot more just waiting to be chewed on. I can't wait for SimGolf to come out in stores in early 2002 because this is just simply, one of the best games in life history!!!
3	B00005N7YS	The fun of this game is that you can make something from zero into a full bloom golf courses, and at the same time observe the little golfers shout and murmur in your ground. Infact I indeed spent a lot of time wandering on this game!! Moreover, you can play downloaded courses of other designers.However the consistent sound effect and the never-change picture soonly make this game boring, and the lack of strategy makes the game a bit shallow.
3	B00005N7YS	My intro to golf sims was Microsoft Golf, interesting but not quite my cup of tea.  I never did get around to trying Maxis' SimGolf, but then Sid Meier's SimGolf came along, and I found it quite enjoyable.  The Sandbox mode is a great way to experiment and see what you can do without having to worry about money, etc.  The gameplay is very easy to learn as well.  My only complaint would be that I wish there was maybe one more zoom level to take you closer to the action, but the highest zoon level is not enough to detract from enjoyment of the game.
3	B00005N7YS	Though I have only played the demo, I can safely say SimGolf is a great game! You get to design a golf course and put in all kinds of landscaping and buildings. You actually get to keep up with a golfer and allow him to play tournaments. It takes a page from the Sims by having the same personality system and that you can golf with your Sims, I think. This is a very fun and addictive game!
3	B00005N7YS	First off, don't expect SimGolf to in anyway represent real golf. It's a great game though, one I enjoyed for quite some time. There are many different locations you can stage your golf course, from the desert to the tree filled mountains. Each setting has its own unique flavor and personality. You start off by building rather small simplistic holes, then once you earn enough money, move up and build more expensive and elegant courses. One thing I dispised is the fact you need to have all of your holes have a really high imagination rating for a respectful SGA event to visit town. To make them imaginative, you have to make the course very unrealistic, then if you have one too many hard shots, all the players whine and moan and the fun rating goes down, sending that hole to unacceptable for the SGA. Aside from that (which you adjust to), its a great game. It's really fun to build your course and see it alive with action. As for playing the course yourself, that is an overstatement, you just click where you want your guy to hit the ball and hope that he hits it okay. Overall, it a good game, but has some flaws they should have worked out.
3	B00005N7YU	i love thes game&amp;I'm your new costumer i want to buy comanche 4 from your companybut i don't have visa or master card or any card. I want to pay the mony after i takethe comanche or any thing.
3	B00005N7YU	A fun game, but not much of a simulation.  Great graphics, and challenging in that you can actually get shot down.Considering the Comanche has been in the works for the past 15 years, and shows no signs of being finished for 15 more, this might be your only chance to fly, let alone see a Comanche.It's probably in the dollar bin now, so it's worth a few bucks to give it a try.
3	B00005N7YU	Thank god I'm running a Geforce3 Ti Graphics card with a P4 1.6 GHZ processor and almost 700MB of RAM. This game will EAT your computer up if you arent well aboove the requirements in my opinion. If you CAN handle this...I highly reccomend it.Comanche 4 takes a step away from the complicated, often too annoying to learn flight sims that have come out as of late.You take off with one button, and fly with your mouse. It couldn't be easier. Choosing your weapon is a mouse click away, and firing it is just the same.The game play is pure arcade fun. It's not as involved as Ghost Recon, or the Rainbow Series (if you consider the Rainbow series to have a good storyline haha right) but its just as much fun.When you buy this...know your getting an ARCADE style helicopter shooter...not a flight sim. One of the simplest yet most fun games out there.
3	B00005N7YU	I, like most Comanche fans, have been waiting for 4 years for this game to finally come about.  For a while, it was even &quot;rumorware&quot;, with news of it's progress often dissappearing from the face of the earth in total darkness, making us helo sim fans sweat bullets, forcing ourselves to get used to the idea that Enemy Engaged would be all ther is.  Well, that wait came to an end yesterday, and it was well worth the wait.  These guys at Nova Logic rock.  I bought this game the moment it hit the shelf on the release date.  Holy cow.  The graphics are simply staggering, and even motion of the characters (even the stinger-toting ground troops) is so life-like it's spooky.  This game is so real, I actually caught myself feeling a sense of guilt and dread while pulling the trigger and ripping up ground troops with my cannon - and watching them very realistically fall down on the ground, lifeless (seeing dead bodies is a new chill to the comanche series - still trying to convince myself that I like that).  The sound effects of all combat are simply incredibly real. The sound of those rockets ripping the air is exhilerating when you squeeze them off.  And wait until you see the HellFire missile's new makeover!  I've never seen such a cool thing as watching the artillery blow up a bad guy base.  Man O man - the explosions are staggeringly cool (bits and chucks of smoking debris flying everywhere).  Check this out - you can even dump your EFAMS mid mission when you've emptied them to cut down on your signature!  Targeting is simply amazing, with the bird computing the shots to the speed of the target so even your unaimed rockets hit their targets.  Rotor wash, dust and water vapors flying up in front of your face when hugging the ground, swaying trees when you're close too them, dense jungles...  all superbly done and makes you slack-jawed when you see it the first time.  My &quot;PlayStation2&quot; nephew stood there dumbfounded and in jealous shock as I showed it to him.  Also, the game has automatic internet update built right into it.  Don;t have to worry about patches or updates - bang, done.  Right out of the box, there were already a few files that were updated when I tried it right after the install.  Install was flawless.  I have the ThrustMaster FLCS, TQS and Elite rudder pedals, and I am in hog heaven.  If I had to speak of a criticism at all, I would have to mention that even loading up the menus takes a little bit, and as far as gameplay goes, the controls seem to be much more sensitive that previous releases of this game.  I double-checked my control adjustments, but nope - it's the game.  Comanche 3 had a bit more of a comfortable &quot;bulky&quot; feel to the bird, but this one feels really lightweight and even a little jerky.  Maybe it's just my 1.2 Gig Athlon (the game calls for a P-266 or better).  A slower machine might actually make it feel a little heavier, which wouldn't be a bad thing.  One little sideways movement on the stick send's the C4 bird rolling over on it's side.  One little rudder kick and you've done a 180.  Very sensitive.  If the real Comanche flies like that, then it's ok.  Know this - this game is gonna give your processor a workout.  It's a big game to load, so have tons of RAM.  482 meg on the drive for the full install.  Even with a 52X CDROM, 256 meg in a 1.2 GHz Athlon, I have to wait for it to load for a little bit.  If you don't have 128 meg of RAM and at least a 500MHz processor, upgrade immediately - this game needs it.  I built this PC for the sole reason I heard this game was about to come out.  And this game has completely justified the expense and trouble.  After playing this game non-stop for hours, I never did get it to crash (I'm running Windows 2000 Pro).  Stable as a rock, and outstanding fun.  Best $40 I ever spent.  Also, there is a new CD key registration process to install the game, A La Microsoft.  Get used to it, we're going to be seeing this kind of thing from now on.  Comanche 4 makes it all worth it.
3	B00005N7YU	This game is a good game with easy controls and interesting missions. It also requires you to make quick decisions that will dictate whether you win or lose. Th main problem in the game is that it's too easy. For some reason i don't believe that a Comanche can take two direct missile hits in the tail and make still be flying. But, overall it's a good game with interesting missions (if you know how to lay them right) that require skill and cunning.
3	B00005N9A7	I cant believe i spend 3 hours playing one deathmatch. This is a great game. Build a civilization, build a military, then concour the world! this is the best pc of its kind i have ever played. there are alot of different civilazations to choose from, each one with there unique calture and upgrades. From fighting off wild animals to saving your village from enemys trying to spill your blood across all the land. if you like RTS games then youll love this. what are you doing, stop reading and buy!!!!
3	B00005N9A7	Still playing this game after 5 years. Theres just something about gathering resources, building an economy or military, researching technologies, and expanding your civilization in such a way that defines strategy. And thats what I love about this game. Once I start playing it, I pause it and I look at the terrain around me. I take about 10 minutes to decide on how I want to build my civilization specifically, where to put my walls, and eventually how to defend the perimeter, and where to put my buildings. And while Im playing Im constantly pausing and taking 10 minutes to make important decisions. Should I gather more food to create more villagers (who will work and bring in more resources over the long-term)? Or should it be wood which I can use to build my Navy or Siege Weapons in case of an unexpected attack? How about Gold? Everything is costing a little bit of gold right now so more is surely needed especially if I advance to the next age. And what about stone? Ah yes precious stone. Always the most expensive to purchase at market and rarest of resources. Stone is needed for strong walls and castles fortifying my civilization for a strong perimiter while I build my economy and military behind those walls. Oh and whats this! An enemy villager is building a castle just outside my walls? OK I'll have to send a couple military units out there to get rid of him. And dont forget about that relic before its too late! I'll need to build a monastery, create a monk, then transport ship in order to control it (a relic is something in the game that when you find it and carry it back to your monastery, it generates gold for you). Lots and lots of strategy in this game. Once you have a decent empire built, next thing you're doing is pulling up wordpad and jotting down notes of whats best to do or what needs to be done. Basically, you are King and need to decide what is best for your empire. It makes me wish life was a little more like this everytime I play it =).I also want to mention that this game is more preferable over AoE 3. The third AoE is about colonial civilizations and isnt too realistic. In AoE 2 its more realistic having civilizations from hundreds of years ago. Its about war like it was during those days and how each of those civilizations had a certain ability to them that rose above the rest. For example, the Huns dont need to build houses in this game. Representing back then they probably laid on the ground and didnt really care (makes sense to me, they were barbarians). The chinese civ accels in gunpowder technology (seeing how they were first to use it). Every civilization in thie game reflects a certain value about them they had in the past. Making this game truly realistic, mind racking, and challenging.I once lost my copy of this game when I moved. When I realized it, although I didnt want to play it I went out and bought it anyway. I NEED to have it with me at all times. Its the one computer game I will ever need ... I ended up playing it next day anyway. And it was one of those memorable moments I had with the game. I was 5 minutes of gametime away from winning when my empire was sieged! =( lol Very awesome, makes me think what I could have done better. But I have another game saved from last month Im doing well in. Im quite happy with how I managed my empire so Im gonna finish it and hopefully get a win this time (im playing hardest difficulty vs max enemies with no allies). So it aint easy. Ive played dozens of times at this level and only won ONCE. So getting a win after putting in all that time and effort really makes your day.
3	B00005N9A7	This is one of the very few games I keep on my laptop and play regularly, even a couple years after installing it.  This game runs just fine on the low memory and video capabilities of my fastly aging machine, and is a whole lot of fun to play.  Game developers need to remember that you don't need gratuitous graphics bloat to make a game fun.
3	B00005N9A7	Let me first say this, I have played AoE:AoK for more hours than any other game I have ever played, which I give credit not only to the solid and fun gameplay but to one thing that almost every game, with or without a story mode, should have, random maps.  But that is not the only reason why this game is great; the great combination of sound, well-implemented graphics and balanced, constantly engaging gameplay make this one of the most solid RTS game ever.  Now I have finally gotten around to reviewing this game after so many years here goes.The gameplay for this game is superb, with a greatly balanced system for fighting and for the economy.  One thing that I found engaging was the map editor which gives you many more things to do than just make a new map.  You could, for example, playing with the units stats which I always found fun to see 20 samurai defeat hundreds for paladins.  Also, though I never really did this much, you could make scripts for events and other things like how the computer would act and such.  One thing that I thought was a nice idea to remain historically accurate was how they block certain civilizations from getting or researching certain technologies, like how the Japanese can't research some gunpowder tech and the like.  Though the gameplay is solid and well thought out, people looking for new and innovative features will not find much here.  I find this is not hindrance as the gameplay is so fun and addicting that I think that this has no real effect on actual enjoyment of the game.The graphics for this game are okay but not great, seeing how they are run on a 2d engine.  But I usually don't care about the graphics as much as how solid and fun the game is.  The units are varied, you can easily tell a galleon from a fire ship in each unit type has a distinct feel to it.  But those people looking for a flashy game should go look somewhere else.The sound in this game fits the mood well and doesn't intrude at all.  I generally like music in games and this is no exception, the attacks and such have nice sounds to them and are generally well done.Then comes the value which is very high.  The random maps keep you coming back for more, with experiences that are both new and varied, you will rarely (if ever) get the same map twice, which really raises the replay value.  Also there are so many civilizations that its fun to see how you have to change you style according to what civilization your playing, like how the Huns don't have to make houses.  Also some value comes from the historical aspect of the game, from which they provide a kind of encyclopedia on the different civilizations and such.  I have actually learned a lot from this game and it helped me become more interesting in exploring certain historical topics.Overall this is a great game that has a lot of replay value, rock solid gameplay and sound that enhances (rather than detracts) from the experience. Since by now you can buy it for very cheap it is a good idea to pick this up and play it, it is a great game that every strategy fan should play.
3	B00005N9A7	AOE II is in my opinion way better then the 3rd. Even though the 3rd AOE has better graphics, the gameplay isnt as robust. AOE II gives you so much to play with. It's also amazing that this game is STILL going strong online after all these years. I just got into this game and it is HANDS DOWN the best i've played on and offline and im a huge RTS fan. Pick-up Command and Conquer Generals and Command and Conquer Zero Hour Expansion pack for a complete RTS warfare experience.
3	B00005N9A7	The improvements in game play in Age of Empires II: The Conquerors is one area of this game that has been largely improved. Everything from the actions of your units (especially non-combat ones such as villagers or fishing ships) to the organization of your military units has been refined to provide a much better gameplay experience.Age of Empires II: The Conquerors also provides some new civilizations. They are the Aztecs, the Huns, Koreans, Mayans, and Spanish. Like the civilizations that came with the original Age of Empires II, these civilizations all have their own unique strengths and weaknesses. For instance, since the horse was not native to the Americas, the Mayans and Aztecs cannot create Stable units.Since the Mayans and Aztecs have also been added to the game, it would naturally make sense to add new maps to the game as well. Tropical terrain is one of the many new additions, as well as Winter terrain. There are also maps from the real world, which basically let you fight it out with an enemy on a location such as Britain, France, etc. However, there is one small complaint on the real world maps -- you can't adjust their size, which makes sense, because it's the real world, right? However, it does kind of get annoying, especially when you have to hunt down the LAST enemy villager over a larger area than you would normally have to. Still, it is nice to be able to see battles occurring where they actually happened.Another nice feature of this game is the ability to command allied computer players. Short on food? Just ask for it! Most of the time they will give it to you, unless they either don't have a market (which is necessary to give tribute), or they simply don't have the resources to spare, which generally happens when you repeatedly ask for resources over a short period of time. You can also command your allies to do anything from build a Navy to stop building villagers.Speaking of villagers, they are also smarter than they were before. Remember before, when you would create a mining camp right next to a bunch of gold, and your villagers would just stand there and look at it? Not any more, now all of the villagers that were involved in building the mining camp (or town center, mill, etc.) will begin to collect resources after they have completed the building of whatever it is you have just created. Also, after they have finished, say, collecting all the gold that a given mine has to offer, they will begin to go towards another mine (if they can see it, which occurs if you have the All Visible option turned on). This is an obvious help, especially when you have other things to attend to, such as holding off an enemy that's at your gates.Overall, Age of Empires II: The Conquerors is very much improved from the original Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. It is light years ahead of the original Age of Empires due to its many new improvements. If you bought Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings but never got the expansion, I would highly recommend picking it up. For those people who never bought anything in the Age of Empires II series, I would highly recommend picking up the Gold Edition of Age of Empires II.
3	B00005N9A7	For those that played the original Age of Empires, this will not require that much of a learning curve as most of the general game play mechanics were kept the same which is good for those that like hotkeys.  The main differences other than the graphical is of course the content: new time period and new ethnic groups/empires.  As you proceed from the Dark ages to the Feudal, Castle and finally Imperial you are faced with the same task as the previous iteration of collecting food, wood, stone and gold which are then used to research technologies, construct buildings or create units.Female villagers are a first in this series as they are able to do all of the same tasks as the male counterparts.  Buildings have been improved to a more adequate scale from the first game (no longer is a villager the same height as a house).  Population limit has also been increased (for those that chose to) up to 200 now.  Each civilization has it's own unique castle unit(s) as well as technologies which make it so that the players plan carefully on whether they will be on the offensive or defensive.The AI sees a major improvement when switching from Moderate to Hard and finally Hardest difficulty setting.  There are numerous gameplay modes from the traditional Deathmatch or Random Map to Regicide, King of the Hill and Wonder Race.Overall a great and addicting title that can also be played online via a few hosting services (no longer via MSN Gaming Zone).
3	B00005N9A7	Bought this game for my Asus Eee PC 1005HAB netbook and I love it!!! Great graphics , superb frame rates , and compelling gameplay.I cannot put this game down.There is nothing as satisfying as using overwhelming force to unleash hell on the English in my opinion.This game is in my top 3 favorite netbook games.
3	B00005N9A7	This is my favorite game of all time. The multiplayer is great. The levels are extremely challenging. The cheats are also quite good. I think that this game took me almost a year to beat. I also reccomend the expansion. I actually never played the first AoE, but if it is good as the second i reccomend it too. In my mind this is the best RTS game ever!(Yes, even better than Starcraft).
3	B00005N9A7	I know that you probably don't want to read a review for a product that has not even been released but listen anyway. I have these games (I bought them seperately) and know about the product. Don't listen to Product description- This is Age Of Empires !2! and its expansion!!!!!!!! The game itself is a beauty and the online play and custom scenarios just add for nearly unlimited replay value. I would reccomend this for a person who wants a slightly cheaper package of both games.
3	B00005N9A7	Age Of Empires 2 is a masterpiece. Regardless of any complaints anyone has made about this game, there is no arguing. This one of the most fun, addictive, and satisfying games ever made.You can play it for months. I played it for over a year, then came back and played it for another year. It's probably the most addictive game I've ever played. Not Mario, not Zelda, not the great Doom, not Quake or Half-life or Warcraft or even Grand Theft Auto has ever had me as hooked as this game. Microsoft and Ensemble Studios hit the nail on the head with AOE 2.The sequel to Age Of Empires keeps everything that made the first one great, throws away almost everything that made it bad, and throws an amazing, revamped user interface that gives the player god-like power if used expertly.The different civilizations are fantastic. The advantages and disadvantages of each one make the game interesting and balanced, although some civilizations are better (overall) than others. I mean, really, who doesn't love (and equally hate) the Longbowmen? The War Elephants? The Woad Raiders? The Throwing Axemen?The units are the best part of the game. Except for the paladin and scorpion wipeout trick, the unit balance is superb. The naval battles are amazing, with fireships, ballista ships, and even ships that launch cannonballs.There are more buildings, tons more upgrades, and a brand-new unit I like to call the x-factor: the trebuchet. This is one of the units that makes AOE 2 a true delight. As built up as a city can become, it can be destroyed in minutes with enough trebuchets.The multiplayer aspect of this game is what solidifies AOE 2's standing as one of the best games ever made. It is surreal. I've had 12-hour multiplayer sessions many times. You just don't want to stop. It's so fun!!! It's madness!As far as challenge goes, you'll get all you want. Just try beating the entire game on the hardest difficulty and see the headache you get. And if you get through with that, buy the expansion pack and eat your heart out.Buy this game! Play it until you're sick of it! That probably won't happen, but even if it does, when you come back from your break you'll be twice as hooked.Ha!!! The memories I have of this game! Man, this is the best!
3	B00005N9A7	its strange....rise of nations improved on everything from this game and u can make the timeframe not go pass medieval age(to stay in the ages of this game)....but even though it improved eveyrthing...it just doesnt hold a candel to this game
3	B00005N9A7	Honestly, those who keep giving this game a five are cheating themselves. The truth is, if you live in the 21st century, you know that this game has subpar sound (only when your units speak) and crappy graphics and animations. Of course, it is a great game. Easy management of you empire along with some great music make this a definate keeper for all of you guys who like RTS games.To sum it up, if this had graphics that were as good as their semi-new game Age of Mythology, it would have been a five. BTW, you better go buy that. It is awesome.
3	B00005N9A7	This is a fantastic game.  The gold edition combines the original game with the add on expansion.  One of the best RTS games.  This is historically based, so if you want elves, orcs and other mythical creatures go and try Warcraft or Age of Mythology.  Age 2 keeps the feel of the first game, but adds a few new layers and updates the graphics nicely.  In short, if you love the original Age, you will love this one.  If you haven't picked up the original, go grab a copy of the Gold edition, the game is still fantastic.
3	B00005N9A7	Great games comes from great companies. This game came from Microsoft. As, always microsoft adds that little extra effort, to their games
3	B00005N9A7	I play this on my windows 98 gateway computer. This pc game has two disc. Both with a story line. It even has one character name William Wallice the same character in the movie "BraveHeart". This game is very educational taking you back in the roman age. I love it cause it's adventures I wish it had animated blood shown when a person gets killed. I love building the wonders and the castle that shots arrows and monks that can convert the enemies and heal your allies.
3	B00005N9A7	I love this game.  It is so fun to play, and it changes every time, so doesn't get boring.
3	B00005N9A7	I absolutely love the Age of Empires series.  The first one was good, but Age of Empires 2 is far superior in every way.  With many cusomizable options right from the beginning, this game will entertain for years.  Only real flaw I have seen with it is the population cap of 200.  Otherwise, this is a great game.  Nice way to learn history and have fun at the same time.  Will run well even on older machines too.
3	B00005N9A7	This game really is pretty amazing. I've had it for the past 5 years, and I still have tons of fun playing it. The graphics are much less glossy than newer games, and I actually think that in a way the graphics benefit from not being 3d. It makes the old-time feel more authentic....Anyway, awesome game overall. I just wish they made a version for osx, instead they release age of empires 3! This game might be less flashy the age of emp. 3, but it's definitely more enjoyable.
3	B00005N9A7	I bought the AOK in 2/2000 and the Conquerors the day it came out in 9/2000.  (Also played AOE I from 1998-2000).  In my opinion, no other series is as comprehensive and fun.  I have also played Empire Earth, Age of Mythology, and Rise of Nations.  Here's why I like AOK the best (I'm referring to the most recent release, the Conquerors edition):By the way, I only play Standard games, I've not tried any of the campaigns so I don't comment on them.1)Time - The game is simple to navigate but has so many different angles of play.  I can start a game with myself and two computer players on the hardest level and whip both of them within 3 hours.  I've been playing an EE game off and on for 1 year and still cannot win.  The short games keep me interested.2)Ages - There are only 4 ages.  This makes the game manageable for those who can't spend 15 hours a day on the computer playing games for weeks on end.  Empire earth has around 10 ages and Rise of Nations has a lot as well.  Upgrading the ages in AOK is not that hard.3)Units - There are enough units here to keep me happy.  Calvary, infantry, archers, naval units, seige units, special units with each civ.  There are almost limitless ways to play the game.  I play calvary one time, then infantry once, and so on.  Never gets boring.4)Graphics - Now that some of the newer games are out, the graphics are only so-so but it's still not that bad.5)Civilizations - with around 13 civs and each having a unique strength and weakness, it never gets boring playing different ones and learning about each.Here's why I like AOE better than Empire Earth:1)The graphics are much better in Empire earth, but I cannot beat the game.  The AI is very tough.  I can nuke the computer down to 10 units left and 5 minutes later he has 300 armies and 100 buildings.2)Simplicity.  As I stated above Empire Earth is great fun, but almost too much action.Here's why I like AOE better than Age of Mythology:1)I am very disappointed with Age of Mythology.  I find it downright boring.I've only played rise of nations a couple times but I do not find it to keep my interest as AOE does.Happy gaming.
3	B00005N9A7	Age of Empire II is a great improvement over Age of Empires I, albeit, Age of Empires I is still good. AoE I starts with the stone age and goes up to the Dark Ages. AoE II starts out at the Middle Ages and goes to the industral age. The game set is a great deal and would make a good Yule present. Wyatt Kaldenberg
3	B00005N9AC	Flight Simulator 2002 is the best thing to being real. Now if the paint on the outside of the airplane would say the real companies like Delta, Southwest, United and American, that would even better.The best teacher in pilot traning is in here. There are real time graphics. My favorite is Las Vegas, you can see all of the casinos like Luxor, MGM Grand and the one that you see first from the skies... Statosphere. There are real time graphics and airplanes which makes it really good.All airports are here even small ones like military bases and cargo fields that have only 1 a small runways to airports with more than 4 runways like Chicago O'Hare. They pack all this in one box of 3 CD's.One bad thing about this game is the long load times even when you have a great computer... Still long load times. But this does't take the fun out of the game. Great game but it costs an arm and a leg to buy it, I think it is worth it.
3	B00005N9AC	I recently purchased this as an upgrade from FS2000 what an improvment! The graphics are much better (except in the cockpit for some reason all of the walls are grainy). I love the ATC function. Wonderful game. Highly recommended.
3	B00005N9AC	What the giants at Microsoft have managed to accomplish with Flight Simulator 2002 is simply astounding! Gone are the resource eating and maddening slide shows offered in FS 2000, which for the record, I loathed (hate is such a strong word isn't it?). What we get in turn is a highly and richly detailed virutal world (from the planes to the terrain) that is guaranteed to make even the hardened heart of the most jaded flightsimer soar!Straight out the gate FS 2002 pulls away from the pack with an untouchable collection of options and tweaks and it's in these tweaks that we find what truly makes it shine. The system requirements (as stated on the box) are a PII 300mhz machine, with 64mb of RAM and a 8mb video card, now that may get you flying but it's fair to say that to take full advantage of every beautiful pixel FS 2002 has to offer, you'd better be packing a mighty big stick indeed, like say a P4, 1.8 ghz machine with a truck load of ram (256 plus) and a 64mb video card. That said however the endless options FS 2002 offers, makes it quite friendly to middle of the road machines. My PII 450mhz system for instance with 256 Mb of RAM and a 32mb ATI Rage 2000 Xpert Pro video board gets me into the air nicely thank you with an average rate of 14 frames per second on the low end to over 30 on the high end. And although the graphics options for my system need to sit toward the lower end of the spectrum FS 2002 is still nothing short of breathtaking! From it's use of satellite ground imagery (roads and landmarks are accurately rendered), auto generated scenery, textures, shadows, lighting and finely detailed airports, buildings and even trees (which intensify the sensation of speed near the ground) to it's amazing AI and voice commands from airtraffic control calling out directions and commands from any of 20,000 airports, everything stitches tightly together for a simulated flying experience that simply makes you forget your sitting at your desk top. The cabins of the aircraft are now virtual 3D environments, sinking you deeper into the sensation of actually commanding some of the worlds most famous and powerful aircraft. Nice additions to the FS series are a floatplane and the mother of all commercial work horses the 747-400, Microsoft also threw in an F4U-1A Corsair, which is not listed on the box, nice bonus.If there are in fact down sides to FS 2002, I've missed them (or over looked them) while exploring the heights of this remarkable simulation. No I take that back, it would be even better if I had a more powerful machine!Now if you've got the system speed and hard drive space (at over 700mb it took nearly 20 minutes to load) prepare yourself for the ride of your life (but be sure to upgrade your drivers first). FS 2002 is a winner, making you wonder if they could manage such amazing visual miracles with this one, what can we look forward to 5 or 10 years down the road, wow!
3	B00005N9AC	Let me say right off the bat that for anyone who wants a &quot;true&quot; flying experience, this is the simulator to get.  My personal favorite feature is the &quot;realism&quot; settings, which effectively lets you adjst a variety of options from &quot;real&quot; to what I call &quot;easy&quot;, which means that you can easily get into the air to do some &quot;sight seeing&quot;.I only have 2 gripes about this game:#1 - The graphics on MY machine are not even close to what you see on the box.  I have a Pentium III Xeon machine (667Mhz), with a 32MB ATI All-In-Wonder card (the chipset is pre-Radeon).  After playing games for a couple of years like Need For Speed III, I thought FS2002 would look fantastic.  However, to me the ground looks just like that game &quot;Flight&quot; from a few years ago, except with a few buildings here and there.  The FS2002 scenery doesn't look nearly as good as any driving simulator that I have seen in the last 3 years.  Sure, you can adjust the detail levels, but I'm just saying unless you have a fairly new machine, don't expect the eye candy you read about and see on the box.  One final note ... although the ground looks lousy (at low altitudes), the buildings really are amazing, even on my slow machine.#2 - In order to save some hard drive space, I chose the &quot;custom&quot; install menu.  There were checkboxes for many regions around the world to include in the installation.  I left out about half of them.  Well, now every time I turn the game on, there is an error message that pops up lecturing me that a certain file (and it includes the menu path) is not loaded.  My point is that if at all possible, do the full installation, because if you do a &quot;custom&quot; installation, you might run into some bugs.All &amp; all this is a really neat game IF you are a true aviation enthusiast, with a nice assortment of aircraft to fly.  I give it 4 stars.
3	B00005N9AC	Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002, although outdated by now, is still worth every penny. You can fly to any airport around the world, even the tiny ones.From Leguardia to Malvern Mun (Small town in Arkansas), you can fly all over the united states, with a borrage of planes. This game lets you experience the Landmarks of the U.S.You can fly as a freestyle mission or you can fly one of the missions Microsoft gives you, such as circling the Colluseum or flying from New York to Japan.The only problem with the flights to unknown or small airports, is that the graphics and the land under you is all repetitive and dotted with little buildings, it's all the same.Overview:Fun- 10/10 great for you flight buffs.Grahpics- 7/10 Awesome in well-known places, but repetitive onceyou get into the unknowns of the U.S.Gameplay- 10/10 Just liek you're a real pilot.Difficulty-N/A Not really any difficulty.Overall-27/30This game is a lot of fun to play, if you know what you're doing, but if you wamt the real combat experience, I reccomend Flight simulator: Battle for Europe.Try this game out though.
3	B00005N9AC	If you run out and get this program thinking your getting a game your wrong. This is a flight Simulator and that is what you get. If your a pilot or an aspiring pilot and want to get some practice flying or try out what it takes to fly an aircraft this is a good way to find out. I've run this program on my PIII 1.1 GHZ WIN-XP laptop with 512 MB ram and 32 MB graphics card as well as a Celeron 1.2 GHz 256 MB ram and integrated 11 MB graphics and it has performed well on both systems. Have even flown between the two systems over my home lan with great ease. This program is much better with a flight stick and is rather difficult to attempt with a keyboard. I use a MS Sidewinder force feedback 2 stick and it works great. Program is a hard drive hog on full install though using up 1.7 Gig per system. Thankfully Microsoft does not make you have a CD in the computer to run the program so you don't need to have the software handy after install. Overall I think it's the best SIM out there. If your looking for a game look at Combat Flight Simulator 2 or some other shoot-em up game.
3	B00005N9AC	You wake up at the controls of a small airplane.  You're engine is already humming, but  the plane isn't moving - must be those parking brakes.  You're parked at the back of a runway of a small airfield with just one runway.  Off in the distance, a huge dark tower looms, piercing the sky.  What could just be the start of a Steven King novel or an episode of "Twilight Zone" is just the latest and prettiest edition of Microsoft Flight Simulator.  Those who've flown older versions of MSFS will know what to expect - better graphics and sound, a database of airports and airspace, more included aircraft, better looking aircraft for those you can add-on (using 3rd party files) and a customizable editor that allows you to choose where, when and how you will go, and what color 747 or F-16 will get you there.  FS2002 also continues MS's tradition of incorporating features of 3rd party add-on software offered on older versions of FS.  FS2002 comes with a speaking interactive ATC (though others had "added" ATC years ago) to go along with all of those verbal lessons (FS2002, like FS2000, comes with a speaking flight instructor, though the new one seems as prone to getting hung-up as the old one).  The tweaked graphics engine seems to allow for more realistic texturing of airplanes (from the glossy finish of a freshly built Mustang to the flat black of an SR-71), and more acceptable realistic movement of animated flight-control surfaces, flaps and landing gear.  In addition to exteriors, panels and flight models, add-on aircraft now have "effects" (contrails, afterburner).  Ground texture is also improved over FS2000, making for much more convincing low-level flight.  Instead of the stiff blue of the water in older versions of FS, rivers, seas and oceans have waves in FS2002, probably to highlight the inclusion of seaplanes.One annoying detail - long load times.  This is compounded by the fact that you can only change one aspect of a flight at a time (time of day, location, weather), requiring the program to reload the flight each time.While nothing will rock your socks off in FS2002, it's a solid and enjoyable sim that allows itself to be pretty much what the individual user wants it to - from an entry-level sim to a challenging one.  I ran this program smoothly on my P4 (2ghz) w/WinXP & a Geforece3 card.  I had planned to hold off on FS2002 since I already had FS2000, but I'm glad I got it nevertheless.WHAT ABOUT FS2004?  Since upgrading my graphics card to a GeForce FX (PCI), I've added FS2004 to my system.  It's a fairly decent performer with better weather generation.  However, performance on my system required conservative settings, making the older FS2002 a pretty strong alternative to the newer game.
3	B00005N9AC	Looking to have a lot of fun?  This might not be the program for you.  Looking to learn a lot about flying planes?  Then this program will be a great tool.  The graphics in the game are great, and the game has every single airport you could want to take off from;  from your big city airport to the dirt runway behind your cornfield.  A lot of attention to detail was put into the program.  The program is a great deal for the money it will cost, but if you're looking for a fun game, this might not be it, but it does have a lot of potential.  Don't buy this unless you plan on buying a nice joystick.
3	B00005N9AC	MS Flight Simulator 2002 is a very detailed game that lets PC users attempt their skill at flying in a simulated environment.  The game platform is a very accurate 3-D model of the entire Earth's surface, and features many many airports all over the planet.  My favorite feature is the real-world weather conditions that you can download from the internet.  Unfortunayely, the fog/ visibility effects looked better of FS 2000.  The cloud formations look great on this one, though.  I just wish they would include more aircraft, like a twin-turbine Cessna, or a military jet, like F-16 or MIG.Depending on the type of PC you have, the performance of this demanding program will probably slow the frame rate down, especially when flying over very detailed cities like New York or London with broken clouds and other air traffic.  Just be sure to check the specs and make sure your PC can handle it.
3	B00005N9AC	FS2002 is a great flight simulator.  It has airports from all over the globe, including many third-world countries.  The cities are rendered beautifully, and the lighting effects are true-to-life.  The real-world downloadable weather feature is fairly accurate, but the visibility/ fog effects could use some work.  It is possible to crash into other aircraft, but you must toggle that setting through the realism settings menu.  When the weather is activated and you fly over New York City, the game does slow down somewhat.  If you are interested in flying simulators, this is the one to get.  Many landmarks, especially in the US, Europe and Japan have been included in the program, and the US cities, as well as London, Paris, Rome, Athens, Berlin and Moscow are accurately modeled.  My only problems with the sim are the bad fog and visibility effects, and the fact that rivers do not match the bottoms of the valleys in some landscapes.  The lake and river glitches from FS 2000 have been fixed, however.  A very good flight simulator, even though it's from Microsoft.
3	B00005N9AD	As a student pilot, I found this game to be an absolute must!  If you want to learn to fly, or are learning to fly, get this game and lower your flight hours!  I practice my local airport and cross-countries on this game.  I soloed after 10 hours of actual flight time, and my instructor is still impressed with how fast I'm going through the school, infact I did my first cross-country before I hit my 20 hours of flight training!If you want to fly, or if you want to seriously practice, get this program.  Oh, and ILS aproaches are great if you set the fog deep.
3	B00005N9AD	Although I'm a computer enthusiast since the days of the TI-99 and the Commodore 64 this is actually my first flight simulator experience.Why the interest now? I'm currently doing a lot of traveling and you kind of start thinking a lot about how these darned birds actually work.Flight Simulator 2002 (FS2002) is definitely immersive and addictive. It's totally thrilling to feel the plane's response to your actions and more so the fact that it is not that complicated to get started flying and having some action.The software (I don't like to call it a game) gets you started with a quick set of short videos that explain the basic controls and terminology to start flying immediately. You actually have the opportunity with these first interactive introductory lessons to land the plane with the help of Rod Machado, a much respected flight instructor.There are plenty of menu options available. The recommended approach is to go through the 'Learn to fly' section while reading the ground school documentation to obtain a deeper theoretical comprehension of these fun interactive lessons. The lessons teach you simple tasks such as take offs, and the basics of maneuvering and landing your plane plus more complex topics such as traffic patterns, VOR navigation, and ILS approaches. All documentation is stored in Adobe (PDF) format and is easily accessible from the menus.A very interesting feature is the ability to create your own flights by entering parameters such as your favorite aircraft, the airport location where you want to take off from, weather conditions, and time of day. You can even set the weather and time parameters based on the location's current weather and time. This requires an Internet connection for the software to download this information. There are hundreds of airport locations available to choose from, national and international.Of course, there is the favorite menu option of choosing one of the many available sceneries. They have also included sceneries from FS2000 for you to enjoy. Depending on the difficulty level of the specific scenery, you start out either on the air to sightsee a specific landmark or at the airports runway to start one of the many fun tasks.You can customize the level of physical realism when landing hard or crashing. In the default novice mode, as long as you have your landing gear set, you will land in one piece no matter how hard or fast you were flying your plane, you can also fly through buildings. Make sure to tweak these options for a more satisfying experienceFS2002 is an extremely entertaining and valuable piece of software and a fantastic learning tool. I recommend using a joystick for a more rewarding experience, and if you have bucks to spare, buy the Force Feedback 2 and a set of rudder pedals.
3	B00005N9AD	WHERE IS THE CONCORDE?!!This is a great improvement over Flight simulator 2000 but tragically the Concorde is no longer available.(I am well aware of the tragidy of the Air France Concorde). Never the less it is a great improvement.I will now tell you the impovements.Small houses now appears now in the city. That makes the city &quot;stand&quot; out making it more lively and not flat.There is now detailed airplanes EVERYWHERE in FS2002 making you less lonely in th skies (there is more traffic at major airportssuch as JFK or O'Hare International airports)Also there is an air traffic control system in which you can talk to.The only draw back is that you need a very Good System. I hope you enjoy it.
3	B00005N9AD	Being a pilot myself I found this title very interesting. The programmers did a very nice job at recreating a realistic environment in where you can fly you aircraft. It is a good improvement over FS2000 and definitely worth the money.
3	B00005N9AD	I've been an avid Flight Simulator addict since version 5.1 and have seen improvements in each new one. However, the Flight Simulator 2002 tops it. The graphics are amazing, and the ATC (air-traffic-control) really makes it feel like you're up there in a sea of other aircraft. I was also very impressed by the realism of aircraft systems. I have experience with Cessnas, so I know what's real and what isn't.One thing to consider, however, is your system's aptitude to run such an advanced application. If you don't have at least 32 MB's of VIDEO RAM, you won't have fun. Otherwise, you're in for the ride of your life.
3	B00005N9AD	I loved FS 2000 and it brought hours of fun...Then I saw a demo of the new version at CompUSA and I couldn't believe how much better the graphics was!  FS2k was good but the scenery was rather simplistic, but the new version brought the looks to a totally new level -- and this alone is worth the price!Looks are not the only aspect that vastly improved.  As the other reviewers pointed out, the framerate is also much better -- something many gamers used to criticize FS2k about.  I run the program on a PIII-733 with Windows 2000 and an old nVidia card, but I'm definitely getting smoother graphics and gameplay than in FS2k.  I haven't tweaked the settings yet, but I'm very satisfied with the framerate.After a week of heavy play I haven't had a crash -- so I'm hoping this baby is solid.  My experience in the FS2k community tells me that most crashes (esp. the BSOD type) are driver-related.  This program is very demanding of system resources, so make sure you have the latest video and controller drivers as well quit potentially conflicting programs and unplug potentially conflicting devices.  (My old USB scanner caused crashes in FS2k until I unplugged it.)In short, this is definitely the best flight sim ever made.  Wonde what MS has in its bags next for this great series...
3	B00005N9AD	I remember playing the original flight simulator on the Apple II computer.  I'm amazed at how far this software has come.  Granted, not much has changed since Flight Simulator 98, but this is a better product.If you are thinking of taking flight lessons, this software can help you learn and save money along the way, especially if you are aiming for an instrument rating later on.  For individuals who don't know much about flight, there are introductory and interactive lessons to step you through learning how to fly.  You also have the opportunity to take a test.  Pass and you can get a certificate of achievement.The sceneries are not very realistic, with the exception of well-traveled routes or well-known landmarks (or the major airports).  Most of the scenery is auto generated and populated at runtime.  If you want realism, you'll have to purchase a 3rd party add-on or develop your own scenery (not a very well documented or easy thing to do).Surprisingly, the ATC is realistic in an idealistic kind of way.  Downloadable real-time weather is a great feature.  The multiplayer function is basically useless.You really need a joystick (or yoke).  Controlling the aircraft with only the keyboard is a sadistic experience.  Flying the helicopter without a joystick (only keyboard) would be almost impossible.In summary, it's a great game, but I would wait for Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004, which will be out next month.
3	B00005N9AD	Every time Microsoft releases a top-dollar item with no paper manual included, I swear I will never buy the thing. Then about a year later, I break down and get it anyway, even though this is a real sore point with me. That said, I have to admit that the lack of a paper manual is the only real problem I can find with this awesome simulator. But gosh it would be nice to be able to reference a bound manual instead of printing it out onto loose sheets or trying to scroll through the Adobe thing while you're flying. Heck, stick a manual in there and charge a couple extra bucks.Okay, with that rant off my chest, I shall continue. I've owned every Microsoft Simulator that's come out since 1993, and each time I get one I wonder if my computer will handle it. I'm using an Athlon 1.2 ghz. with 256 mb pc133 ram and a geForce2 MX200 with 32 mb video ram. Other reviewers have said you can crank up the options all the way, and it'll still run smooth. That's a stretch unless you've got the latest hardware. But I have to admit I am impressed with how well the sim does perform given all the features they've added this time. This version has been optimized and puts the 2000 version to shame. On my middling system, my optimal video settings are 1024 x 768 x 32 with all options cranked to the max. If I increase the resolution any more than that, the sim starts to stutter a bit, but only ever so slightly. It's completely flyable at 1280 x 1024, and it looks gorgeous, but the frame-rate drops noticably. But believe me, it's still gorgeous at 1024 x 768. And get this; this is the first game or sim I've ever been able to use anti-aliasing on! And what a difference that makes! You'll never want to turn it off once you see it, and on my geForce card it didn't hit my frame-rate much either.I'm no pilot, but the physics seem good, and all the planes do feel quite different from one another. There's a whole slew of commands to learn, and while the included tiny booklet covers the basics, you'll have to reference the stupid 'manual' file for the rest. But rest assured, if you're a novice, it's absolutely easy to get started flying with just the basics. Heck, I'm currently using a cheapy Gravis Blackhawk joystick, and it's plenty fine for my needs at the moment.The whole world is modeled, with the most detail I've ever seen in a flight sim, and something like 21,000 airports to land at. And you haven't had fun until you've taken off and landed in the water with the seaplane! Weather effects are great, and they've finally gotten some realistic cloud effects too.Minor gripe here: The detailed cities just don't quite seem as 'big' as they should. Las Vegas and the pyramids at Giza in particular were a bit disappointing. They still looked good, just kind of cardboardy. And Mount Rushmore seemed downright tiny! But overall, this is still the best flight sim money can buy, and it is worth the price even with no paper manual. This reluctant buyer is satisfied and plans on spending many many hours exploring the world.
3	B00005N9AD	wow, what a game. Buy it, but...before you buy your cpu needs..at least 256 RAM, nvidia video driver, joystick, 10GB Hard disk, and recommended internet connection for downloads.  If not the game will not work very well.
3	B00005N9AD	Ok, so my first rewiew was quite bad. Only five out of 11 liked it. But hey, now i remember mentioning this to you. Oh yeah, the game has a new autogen technology that appears to be quite exciting. Almost every land will have 3-d modeled offices, houses, schools, public libraries, colleges and even trees appear on this new game. We start off with the main point of this game which is: WHY MICROSOFT DID IT? very simple answer really. They did it for the sake of plane lovers. As a matter of fact, they did it for everyone just incase you wanna be a pilot in your future career! though i dont think anyone will be a pilot now a days as they got bored of flying in microsoft flight simulator 2000. This game's most importance is you know how to take-off and land but not how to see these beautiful scenaries 'cause that's the passenger's job not yours. But although my opinion is correct, microsoft was still kind enough to offer us a new technology that has just came out one year after fs2000. And that's the AutoGen technology. I think it stands for Automatic Generator which automatically generates fields farmlands, offices, trees, houses and even school yards for all i care. Now after the tradegy of air france's concorde crash in the early year, microsoft decided to take away the concorde 'till it's back in business. I dont think people cared about it on fs2000. Anyways, new planes came out such as cessna grand caravan which i remember i went on it once!! A new livery was made for planes such as 777-300 and a new plane just arrived and well, you've guessed it, the mighty 747-400. That's all i gotta say about planes. What else? oh yeah, airports. OK, this time we're talking BiG! With air traffic control, you're not alone in the sky so better take permission for landing or else, you might collide with another plane. Also, you could even go to options and click zero planes in the airport if you want to. But between me and you, just fligh with atc. Anyways, you also see jetways, and buildings in full detail. One good example is chicago o'hare intl. Now people, we're gonna talk about weather forecast! change it if you want to! you can download real life weather around the world very easily thanks to micro people and you could costumize your weather with: height, length, and maybe rain capacity. Rain capacity is the one i'm not sUrE about!! Oh, well with the sounds it's even more realistic! who want's to press q and not hear any noise from the engine? whoever does that is seriously crazy. Why do you think we have ears? we have them to listen to planes, rain and thunder!!!! So as my advice, buy this five star game. Actually, ten star game. Yep, ten stars. I'm not crazy, i'm saying the truth
3	B00005N9AD	Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002 isn't only, by far, the best Flight Simulator ever in the venerable Microsoft series, but it's also the highest quality and best PC game I've ever owned.The game, for very obvious reasons, does have some very steep hardware requirements.  I have a Pentium IV 1.7 GHz processor with 256 MB of RAM and a 62 MB graphics card and run the game at 1600x1200 resolution.  It runs well..barely.  If you want to run it at an optimal framerate I'd recommend 512 MB of RAM and a 2.0+ GHz processor.  The steep hardware requirements are accounted for by the game's excellent graphics engine and its hefty 3 gigabyte installation.  The 3 gigabytes should come as no surprise considering that the game.. er "simulation" only includes the entire world!  It includes about 22,000 airports and every stretch of land or water on earth between every airport.  I don't know how many gross number of airports exist on this planet but I would think 22,000 is about 99% of EVERY airport existent. Even airports in small, unknown villages (of 50 people or less such as in remote Arctic Inuit villages) are included.  Another plus is that, once installed, the game runs WITHOUT the need for the CD being in the drive, which is a rarity in PC gaming.As stated before, the graphics are great, in fact much better than FS 2000's graphics.  The terrain and building textures, though very good, still aren't quite there yet -and leave a little to be desired- but the clouds, weather effects and airplane graphics are superb and virtually indistinguishable from real life counterparts.  Airplane cockpits are 3d-rendered and very realistic looking as are the flashing lights on exterior parts such as wings and tailgates.  The airplanes' sound effects seem very realistic, also.As far as I can tell, though I'm no pilot, the flight physics are extremely accurate and realistic.  I can't discern any difference, whatsoever between flying an aircraft in this game and doing it in real life.Flight Simulator 2002 is certainly very unaccessible and not a game for everybody.  The learning curve is extraordinarily-steep.  Unless you love simulations and enjoy PC titles that are as realistic as possible, you'll certaintly find FS 2002 the antithesis of fun, interesting, or exciting:  It's very tedious, takes a long time to learn all the commands and fly and land correctly and even the actual flying can seem very, very slow moving.  However, if the quintessence of simulation (that is, "realism") -no matter how difficult or challenging- is your "cup of tea," there is no other game out there even remotely comparable to this title in terms of quality, realism, or sheer size.Considering that Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002 includes the whole world, not to mention 16 aircraft (and "downloadable" airplanes. I've downloaded several jets including the Lockheed SR 71A Blackbird), real-time weather, tons of options and even voice-command capabilities, I consider this game a bargain at the $70.00 price I paid for it.  It's probably worth about $400.00
3	B00005NBFN	I love this video game!  A lot of the old greats are here, and even though several of the better ones are missing (Roddy Piper, Lex Lugar, Sting, Ric Flair, Andre the Giant, etc), you can create them with the Create-A-Legend feature!  This is the thing that sold me on this game more than any other.  It's detailed enough to work, yet not so detailed that you have to spend hours figuring out how the thing works.  You can create just about any wrestler from scratch in less than 10 minutes once you get comfortable with it, then create the dream matches we never got to see in the 80's.  Remember the WWF vs. NWA vs. AWA rivalry?  Well, pit Rick Martel against Hulk Hogan, create Ric Flair (the CAW's are all over the internet) and throw them all into the ring at once in a 3-way dance to settle who truly was the best world champion of the 80's!  One feature I love is that you can become the referee in the match, so set up any match you want with yourself as the referee and then sit back and watch the fun.  The match won't end until you count someone out or end it on a submission hold, so make it last as long as you want to.  Here's just a few of the dream matches I've created: Steve Austin vs. Roddy Piper, Sting and the Ultimate Warrior vs. the Road Warriors, &quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic vs. Hulk Hogan (ok, that match was just for fun and really didn't last long, but it just proves you really can create just about anybody!).  Even if you don't create any wrestlers, the choices here are great for the 80's fan.  LOW2 is supposed to come out in the fall and offer more choices of match types (only 5 are supported here) and more fluid wrestler movements - and more wrestlers!  Until it arrives though, pick this one up!  One request to the developers, how about making sure we can use the legends we created in LOW1 in LOW2, ok?  Definitely worth buying!
3	B00005NBFN	Having been recently disappointed by Smackdown: Just Bring It, I went out and picked up Legends of Wrestling.  After playing it all weekend, I came to the conclusion that taking certain aspects of both and combining them into one game would create the ultimate wrestling game...but having to pick just one for now, Legends is the best.The first thing that I saw in the game was the roster, which absolutely blew me away.  Characters include such greats as: George &quot;The Animal&quot; Steele, Ricky &quot;The Dragon&quot; Steamboat, Jimmy &quot;Superfly&quot; Snuka, Terry Funk, Hulk Hogan, Rob Van Damm, Sabu, The Iron Shiek, Rock 'N' Roll Express, Ted Dibiase, Mr. Fuji, Don Muraco, Bret Hart, Tito Santana, Rick Martel, the Road Warriors, Kerry Von Erich (during one of the between-bout loading screens, a picture of the whole Von Erich family is shown, but I'm not sure how many of them are playable characters) and loads more.  Those of us who grew up with 80's wrestling will be in heaven here.Gameplay has two basic modes, exhibition (one match) and career.  Exhibition only has four or five different modes, as opposed to the 70-something Smackdown has, and this is the main place where Legends loses out to Smackdown.  Career mode is far superior to Smackdown's Story mode, however.  In Career mode, you select a wrestler and start their career, working through the various regions of the country to claim the title and move on to the next region.  Jimmy &quot;Mouth of the South&quot; Hart was my manager...Lou Albano is another manager available in the game; managers can also be turned off, as can blood and a few other options.  You work through various types of matches, including 4-man elimination, 3-way elimination, single &amp; tag team.  The goal is not just to win, but to get audience approval, and therefore popularity.  You need popularity in order to get a title shot.  Doing things like repetitive actions (working a match doing nothing but chops for example) will deduct from the 'match excitement' level, which is used for determining your popularity increase at the end of the bout.  High spots, finishers and move variety will increae the excitement.Controls are fairly basic and easy to use.  The main drawback to gameplay is that the controls can be a little sluggish...the controls in Smackdown, while being a bit more complicated, tend to respond faster than Legends.Legends also has a create-a-wrestler feature, as does Smackdown, though it's not as comprehensive.  Several arena's are also available to use in Legends, though wrestling seems to be restricted to the ringside area; no backstage brawling as in Smackdown.  On a positive note, throwing an opponent into the side rail in Legends causes them to be hurt, unlike Smackdown which just stops them and makes them turn around, which bugs me to no end.In all, Legends is a solid wrestling title which is tons of fun.  If it had the numerous exhibition modes, brawling locations, create-a-wrestler enhancements and control tweaks of Smackdown, it would be the ultimate wrestling game; for now, it is pretty darned close and in my opinion, a notch above Smackdown.
3	B00005NBFN	When I first saw it, I had to have it because I grew up on old-school 80's and early 90's wrestling. However, the cast of characters and their representation is a bit dissapointing. First, I don't think this game is endorsed by the WWF because if you notice, the entraces don't feature their theme music, which is a HUGE letdown, and also the wrestlers are reffered to without use of their ring names, e.g. Ricky "The Dragon" STeamboat or "The Million Dollar Man" are known only as Ricky Steamboat and Ted DiBiase, respectively.In addition, a large number of great stars were left out, such as Shawn Michaels, Big Boss Man, Ultimate Warrior, and Macho Man Randy Savage, just to name a few. Also the match types are pretty limited to basic tag teams, one-on-ones, and 4 man free for alls.But enough bashing this game. It is actually pretty decent if you disregard all the stuff I mentioned above. The gameplay is very solid, and the controls are very much reminiscent of the old NES wrestling games that we all love so much. The career mode is outstanding, too.In short, if you don't expect too much and just want a game that is fun to play, pick this one up!
3	B00005NBFN	Several years ago I picked up a used copy of this at videogame store, and I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it. To tell the truth, I'd never even seen most of the wrestlers on the game, but I still thought it was very cool. The wrestlers did (and do) look kind of cartoonish, but I didn't (and don't) care about that. The game is a bit slow, but that didn't really bother me, either. I played it a LOT. The part of the game that I enjoyed most was the Create-a-Legend mode. This was the first wrestling game that I'd played, where you could actually assign your created wrestlers all of their own moves (as opposed to having to give them move-sets of existing wrestlers, like you had to on another wrestling game or two that I'd played before this one). I thought it was fun to play as my wrestlers and open up new moves that I could give them. I've got created wrestlers on two three memory cards (the maximum number you can have on each of them). I also enjoyed playing the referee and watching the computer wrestle. I only ever opened like one or two of the locked wrestlers (and thus never finished the "career" mode), but I never cared that much. This game doesn't seem to be very loved, at least not by reviewers at this site, but I thought it was one of the best wrestling games I'd ever played. In fact, I STILL think it's one of the best I've ever played (even though I haven't actually played it in quite a while now). I thought it was about time this game got another good review --- and a little more love!
3	B00005NBR0	Those of us who love history and geography, or who just love railroads find this game to be an all-time favorite. On a newer system, the edge-of-screen scroll is way too fast, but it can be worked around. The game is slow on all but the highest settings, but that doesn't keep it from being a classic.
3	B00005NBR0	My 11-year old son loves this game, which he bought last week for 1/2 of the recommended price.  This game will work with Windows XP Home Edition but may have to be run in Windows Compatibility Mode.
3	B00005NBR0	The replay value is almost unlimited.  Graphically the game is starting to show it's age but real gamers don't care about the graphics, it is all about the gameplay and Railroad Tycoon succeeds at that on every level.  Still very highly recommended.
3	B00005NBR0	This is a classic version of an even more classic release, Railroad Tycoon 1.  If you like more sophisticated 3D graphics, though, then try RRT3.  The graphics are just amazing and the play even more variegated and fun.
3	B00005NBR0	I remember my old 80486 DX2 66 Mhz and one my first games (with Civilization and Centurion) was Railroad Tycoon.I really loved the idea of establishing a RR company from the beginning and laying the first tracks...Well, this game perfected and adapted that old version while adding some new features and scenarios.You can now play all over the world and on fantasy worlds as well.My favorite scenario is the European where you have lots of territories and the scenery is complex (connecting Italy with Germany for instance).You can play alone and accomplish a set of goals by a certain year or you can play against AI opponents.I really like the game and the tutorial helps you get through most of the important things...
3	B00005NBR0	I thought this game was a great tycoon game.  The best in fact.  Except...there is so much you need to micro-manage in this game.  Someone please correct me if I'm wrong - I might not have figured out how to do it automatically - but you need to set certain cars to each train each time.  So if you have a passenger car set to go from Washington to Baltimore, and there is some lumber that can go as well, it won't get ship unless you click on it.  I prefer RT3 because it will ship this automatically, yet you can still chose what you want to ship if you need to get certain supplies to a factory you own.  I just found that to be a little frustrating.  But overall, its a fun game.
3	B00005NCA6	Then this game is definetly for you. I usually stick to the more conventional sports games. I'd ususally rather have Madden then Blitz, and Live then Jam, showtime, or street, but when it comes to hockey there is nothing more entertaining and fun then this new title from the ps2. High paced and action packed, NHL hitz has you in the game until the final horn sounds. Sure it isn't 5 on 5 and game play isn't realistic, but a lot of you critics out there don't seem to understand thats what Midway is trying to put out there. This game is great for ps2 and even better on the cube. If you like blitz and are a sports fan then you cannot go wrong with this one. It shoots and scores.
3	B00005NCA6	I was really disappointed with NHL 2002 so I imediately went out and bought NHL hitz and let me say that this game rocks.  I really love simulation style hockey which this game is not but I still miss the days of playing NHL Open Ice in the arcades for hours.  This game has no simulation value but it is so addictive you will have trouble putting down the controller.  The graphics are great and the announcer is loads bettert than EA Sports feeble attempt.  The only gripes I have with it is that I know it is arcade style but come on is it that hard to at least keep track of goals by a player for a game or even season basis?  i thought that was kinda weak and also be prepared to play a no defense game.  It doesn't exist here.  The game is designed that games will be high scoring and when one team amasses a lot of goals it usually compensates by allowing the other team to catch up easier.  Finally when playing season basd games there is no difference between teams.  No matter how good or how bad the players on a team are how good that team is is determined by what order you play them with the first team being easy and the last team the hardest.  So technically you could play the Red Wings first and whoop them but play the THrashers last and they are unbelievably good.  This is why I do not give it 5 stars but it still gets 4 since EA Sports is losing their credibility with me.  I am still yearning for a truly great hockey sim to hit shelves for a console unit but until then I have to stick with PC versions and NHL Hitz is just good clean wholesome hockey fun arcade style!
3	B00005NCA6	Quite simply, this is one of the best games I've ever encountered in my twenty-plus years of gaming. I've never liked sports games before, but from the moment I started this game I was hooked. I've always loved hocky, but found that most games were either too dull, too complicated or just didn't have the graphics that make this game light up the way it does on the Game Cube or any other platform. If you don't own this game, buy it!
3	B00005NCA6	This game is pretty cool and it was the first PS2 game I got it has its flaws the graphics look pretty good but the players faces look stupid I haven't played subsequent titles but they look fun I'll probably get NHL Hitz Pro and if the Caps knew how to play I'd be great to bad my favorite team sucks lol LETS GO CAPS
3	B00005NCA6	My friends and I love this game! It has become a classic in our group. The gameplay is simple enough to master in an hour, but fun enough to keep us coming back to it. It's such a great, simple game. It's more of an arcade sports game, and is the only violent hockey game that I know of. It's 10 years old, so obviously the graphics aren't great, but the game feels right with older graphics. It wouldn't have the same feel with more realistic graphics. Anyways, the gameplay is so fun, my friends and I beat the whole game. You can play the season and win the Stanely Cup with either a present team or your own create-a-team. Create-a-team is great. The unlockables are also fun to get: new stadiums, player heads, etc. I would highly recommend this game. So worth $5.
3	B00005NCA7	In this day and age, game companies are trying to make money by reviving some of their classic game franchises and placing them into the era of 3D graphics. More often than not, these revivals fall into mediocrity and blandness; examples of failed attempts include "Pac-Man" and "Frogger". But then Midway came along with a revival of its undisputed classic arcade game "Spy Hunter", and the end result is a remake that is both good enough to carry the "Spy Hunter" name and good enough to stand out on its own.There is very little plot in "Spy Hunter"; story is told through one cutscene after the first mission and through mission objectives. But with games like "Spy Hunter", a story really isn't needed. It's the gameplay that counts, and boy, does it deliver. Virtually everything from the original arcade classic has returned. The player drives the ultra-cool Interceptor car in various missions that include collecting Sat-Coms, destroying radio towers, and disabling bombs. Weapons are limited at the beginning to machine guns, but the selection grows bigger with missiles, EMP, guided missiles, and so on. The car also has defensive weapons: oil slick, smoke-screen, and the ever popular flame-thrower. The vehicle can also change between a car on land and a boat on water, and the vehicle also sheds into a motorbike or jetski if a lot of damage is taken. There are even civilian casualties, making this game a justified remake, indeed.The game play is fast and furious, giving what the original game lacked: a sense of speed. The graphics, while not the best the PS2 has seen, are clean and very well created. The Interceptor itself is a work of art that could contend with some of the cars of "Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec". Enemy AI isn't too challenging, but the Nostra enemies are enough to make sure you can't simply ignore them. Soundwise, it's phenomenal. Everything from the car engine to the weapons being fired to things blowing up simply add to the experience, and fans of the original "Peter Gunn Theme" will be pleased to know that there are several awesome variations in the game. The version on the last level is particularly sweet.Unfortunately, the game does suffer from a few small problems. The biggest is that it's very short. There are only 14 missions in the game, and each one lasts about five to eight minutes. A patient and dedicated player can breeze through this game in several hours. Also, the game isn't balanced between its offensive and defensive weaponry. The car is viewed from directly behind and not from above like in the original classic, and thus defensive weaponry is rarely used, which can be a little disappointing to some players.Overall, "Spy Hunter" is one of those few worthy remakes of a classic game. Its greatest shortcoming is that it's a little short, but players who can look beyond this defect will have a blast. If not to own, it's undoubtedly worth a rental.
3	B00005NCA7	This game is everything the James Bond series isn't.  You know those two or three driving missions in all the Bond games?  The ones where you get to drive something hot like an Aston Martin with rockets and guided missiles?  I always enjoy them, but there are so few that I play them to death and quickly tire of them.  SpyHunter (now a few years old) is still the epitome of arcade, shoot-em-up racing.  Your car, the Interceptor,  has all the Bond-esque features you love (like smoke screens and machine guns) with the added bonus of MORE THAN TWO MISSIONS!!  Fourteen missions still isn't much, but who's counting if the gameplay is good? (esp. if you add in the unlockable movies, multiplayer games and cheats)...P.S. The first level can seem daunting at first, since there's no Tutorial.  But you must pass it!  You must!  Pass it, I say!
3	B00005NCA7	Unlike most remakes of games for the Playstation format, this one is really a great improvement.  It's fun and challenging, but not too hard for the "casual gamer" like me.  The controls are very easy to adapt to, and the car handles like a dream, responding to the slightest touch of the stick - but not overcompensating so it takes a perfect touch to keep it on the road.  The most aggravating thing about the game is the first stage - the training track.  Don't think for one minute you can just crank up the car and go blasting through to the finish line in record time and progress.  You have to complete the main objective and most of the secondary objectives before you can get to the real missions - but that's good because you have to know how to do all the things in the trainer in the real game!  It's not too terribly challenging to finish a mission (just go for the primary objective and choose a secondary one rather than going for all of them), but it IS fun.  There are still several areas that I have no idea how you're supposed to get to (some Satcoms are situated in places where your car would have to be able to fly to reach, and I just don't see how that can happen), but it's still a lot of fun. Definitely a good investment, and definitely worth the money.
3	B00005NCA7	Midway's new remake of Spy Hunter was for me an entirely unexpected surprise in being that such a classic 2D hit could be this finely recreated on a  Next-Generation system over ten years after it's reigning success on the NES (Nintendo Entertainment System). With such astonishingly fluid speed and responsive controls, Spy Hunter for the PS2 audaciously soars with 14 intensely enjoyable multi-task stages that direct the player to diversify playing techniques, experiment with eachstage's impressive interactive-ness, and excessively integrate the player into it's vehicle transforming, high octane action, and emotionally addictive and Cerebrally assimilating gameplay.Though it does suffer from slight redundancy, no isometric (over-the top) view, a car reverse glitch, and an especially short playtime (3 hours for an average player), Spy Hunter sustains its creative bearings, passionate playability and proves unequivocally that great games from the past can be recreated with  authenticity, engaging originality, and skill.Recommended feverishly to any fan of the original game.
3	B00005NCA7	Okay how many can admit that they played the original coin-op version game when it first hit the arcades!  I'm one of them, damn, almost 20 years...I'm getting old. Anyway lots of action the music needs a little help I like the original version of Peter Gunn it was graet to hear it at the arcades.  However I really enjoy the quik morphs of the Inteceptor and i thought the motorcycle was a great addition.  The game is not that difficult which is refreshing some of the PS2 are really difficult and I don't have as much time to master the games as I once used to.  The physics  of the cars are great too, when you shoot a car it flips and spills like a regular wreck!!!Cons: its a lil difficult to distinguish the enimies from civilians and in a pinch well the civilians are catching some hell!  I would like a free version of the game like the original some of the missions are a little short and just when you are in a zone its over.I haven't gotten very far on the game and its seems to be getting better on each level.  Its a good game, fans of the original wil enjoy this version as well!
3	B00005NCA7	I bought this game after reading the raving reviews and found that I enjoyed it as much as the other reviewers. I expected this to be a fun and unique game, as I was an owner of the original Spy Hunter, made for the original Nintendo. I was addicted and happy with the original, as I am with its successor, Spy Hunter for PS2.The game puts you in the driver's seat of a high-tech, gun-shooting, missile launching, smoke and oil spraying [and more] car/boat. This game is unique in that you control a high-tech car/boat, and in that is an original type of game.The story line for the game is that you are a secret spy single handedly trying to stop an evil man, who is trying to steal the earth's energy. To me, the story is odd and unrealistic, but it is the graphics and gameplay that makes this game.PROS:ood graphics.nique, yet very fun and addictive game.on-stopping fun.CONS:dd, unrealistic storyRATING:Graphics: *****Gameplay: *****Fun: *****Sound: *****Story: **Versatility: ****Overall: *****ALSO:o glitches, slow downs, or graphic errors-Esckie-
3	B00005NCA7	Playing this game took me back quite a few years, since I probably dumped hundreds of quarters in the original.  The graphics and play are top-notch, and the missions are fun and challenging, although at times you begin to feel like you are invincible with the amount of damage you can absorb!  I agree with the reviews that say there are not enough levels--you can beat this game with several hours of dedicated playing.  The good news is, the game and play is addicting enough that you WANT to play it straight through to the end.  I never lost interest in it like some other games.  Rent it to try it no matter what, but even with the relatively short length it is a great buy if you liked the original.  I see a SH2 in the near future...
3	B00005NCA7	Any regular gamer will agree with me in saying that when it comes to car-oriented games, the only true motivation factor is upgrading your car, winning races, lather rinse and repeat. There are so few titles out there that ignore this formula and still sell well. In fact, this lies true for blockbuster titles such as GT3 and Nascar 2002... most of the time, your play value is progress over fun. You can't tell me you'd have more fun driving your Beetle 2.0 as opposed to an Esperante GTR-1. In other words, in most car titles, it takes time before you can start having fun.But Spy Hunter is different. Spy Hunter skips all that Sprinter Trueno and Beetle 2.0 boredom and heads straight for the F1 league. *This game is fun, fast and insane. Period.*The Interceptor, your car, can be equipped from a range of weapons varying from machine guns, missiles and EMP cannons to oil slicks and smoke screens. In other words, you're driving a James Bondmobile. Now, who hasn't wanted to do THAT before? Haven't you always wanted to play a game where you can spin out a dozen pursuing cars by simply blinding them with a thick smoke and watching them helplessly whirl about as black fluid sprays out of what seemed to be your muffler? Yeah, you have. How about completely annihilating a road block by means of popping a rack of missiles out of a hidden compartment on your roof, then firing away? Yeah, me too. And in Spy Hunter, that's nothing. That's all just stuff you do on the run.Oh yeah, and the Interceptor can turn into a small jet-boat type of thing. And oh yeah, it has a giant afterburner that pops out of the trunk. 'Nuff said on that.The only true downside to this game that probably roots from my greed is that it's just too darn short. Although those missions go by like a herd of snails, it's over before you know it. Don't despair, though. There's a ton of extra stuff you can accomplish aside from the missions. Two-player, for example. The two-player levels can only be played if you've completed all the objectives on that level in the regular game. Even better, if you complete a mission within a certain amount of time, you'll unlock a cheat. In other words, there's a lot in this package that keeps you coming back for more. It's worth every cent it's listed for. Don't rent it, don't borrow it, don't steal it. Buy it. Buy it now.
3	B00005NCA7	First of all, the original Spy Hunter was one of the best classic games of all time.  And this is a great remake.  Most people that I know who did not like this still think that the original game is hard.  Enough said.Winning the game was very easy.  Winning each board with all objectives in the amount of time you need for the cheats - much harder.Overall, great game. Great graphics, great gameplay and hey, it's SpyHunter - if you don't like having a flamethrower on the back of your car that's your problem.
3	B00005NCA7	This game is cool. If you want mission style games, shooting games and driving games, this is the game that you want. The graphics are cool, the weapons and you can be transformed into a speedboat or a motorcycle. This game will.....HUNT you!!!
3	B00005NCA7	I had the original Spy Hunter for the Commodore 64 as well as this game for the Playstation 2. Though the 2 games are completely different, where this game is much more of a 1st person view as opposed to the 3rd person in the Atari and C64, this game is better. This PS2 game is more engaging and challenging as you must complete 14 different missions around the scenic world. The game can get frustrating if you get stuck on a mission for too long gloom, and doom thoughts can appear(this happened to me on a mission where you have to destroy the evil twin car), however, the exhilaration that I felt after I finally successfully completed the mission and eventually the game is unparalleled. I successfully completed the whole game in 1 week, and went back after winning and re-completed missions where I didn't get the movie afterwards.(This happens when I completed missions where I was badly damaged and my car transformed into a motorcycle or boat into a jet-ski). Overall, excellent and very memorable game. Recommend to all "GAMERS" that are patient and willing to win!
3	B00005NCA7	Spy Hunter for the PS2 is just excellent!  The game has been completely made over from its 1982 origins.  The controls are excellent, and easily mastered, and offer a wide assortment of weapons, and defensive options.  The missions are challenging, but not to the point of being frustratingly difficult.  Hey I have a life!!!!  With a little practice, and then some more practice.  The game can be completed in a relatively short amount of time.  The settings are fun, and well rendered, and the car's exit scenes in each mission just kept getting better until the end of mission 14 (the final mission).  I had been hoping for more of a dramatic ending, and was a little disappointed that a classic Bond-Style ending was lacking.  The only reason i could come up for this was that Spy Hunter 3 must be on someone's 'To Do' list.  For the most part excellent game, and hope that you enjoy it!!
3	B00005NCA7	great game...its insaneyou're goin super fast takin out things at the same time.I could play it over and over again.
3	B00005NCA7	Spy Hunter offers a lot of different missions, vehicles, objectives, and a hell of a lot more, all this make this game, worth your $$$
3	B00005NCA7	A pretty interesting game with good graphics and challenging gameplay. A must have for fans of midway's games.
3	B00005NCA7	It's a fun game, but way too difficult.  It's great to see an update to an older game like Spyhunter that allows people like myself to relive some of the fun I had with the original as a kid.  There are some nice weapons to use, as well as seeing that your car can convert into a speedboat and a motorcycle as well.One of the pitfalls of the game is it's difficulty.  Even the training mission caused problems for me at first because I didn't understand what I was supposed to do with certain parts such as the boat sequence.  That could have been explained a little better.  Also, the controls are good, but I think it's not as realistic as something like Grand Turismo 3.Overall, it's a great game that can be fun, but I wouldn't buy it for someone who isn't an expert gamer.
3	B00005NCA7	I played a demo of this game and it is great!This game has great graphics,controls,sound and it is very fun too.Your car can also turn into a boat.It is easy and short but it is great while it lasts.
3	B00005NCA9	i have always been a fan of NFL blitz, now there is one for PS2. it has great realistic graphics, and is a really fun playing game. i recomend to any one who likes football or Blitz buy this game youll love it
3	B00005NCA9	Okay, for those of you that think this is supposed to be realistic...  it's not.  It is meant to be fun!  That is it!  Tackle everyone, at any time, with no penalties!
3	B00005NCA9	in MY opinion...this is PS2's breakthrough football game, awesome gameplay, terrific graphics engine, and comedic commentary, not exactly SIMULATION but eight on eight is close enough, especially when u get a football game with NO PENALTIES!i mean do u know any other football game that u can literally have the team catch on fire? hmmm...yeah, that's what i thought. and traditional simulation football games are gettin kinda old don't ya think?...it's time to have some REAL helmet poppin, sack causin, late hittin, player firin and trash talkin FUN! and even if you're not a fan of the NFL BLITZ series, you WILL love it, guaranteed....two thumbs up and a bag of Doritos!
3	B00005NCAD	What can I say about this game except to say it's cool, colorful and definitely a blast to play. Course, Frogger's always been a blast to play no matter how it's played. My friends hate Frogger but I've always thought it's beena fun and challenging game.I'd like to recommend this to all GBA owners.
3	B00005NCAD	I got this for my kids ds's, I remember playing this for the atari, I was very excited when I found this, my kids love it, its just as much fun as I remembered.
3	B00005NCAD	I remember getting this game when I was 6.  It was the first time I had ever heard of Frogger, and wow, I've been a Frogger fan ever since.  (I didn't even know there was a Frogger arcade game for many years afterward.)
3	B00005NCAD	I thought this game was very fun.The first level is easy ,but once people try the second level they think it is hard.(Most of the levels have the same type of moves so once you get the hang of it its not so hard.)the temple is the best part in my opinion.The graphics are also pretty good,and the music is great.Some people say that the game is impossible to beat, but that's not true.I've beaten the game the whole way through until the end credits.Overall I thought this game was challenging,addictive,and very fun!
3	B00005NCAD	Ok, I think Frogger's Adventure's: Temple of the Frog, is a great game. It has some good graphics, excellent sound, and good control. The only reason that it wasn't a 5-star game, is because it was too short, and if you replay it, it gets sooooo boring. But, that's why they made Frogger's Adventure's 2: The Lost Wand. So, buy both games for extra action, or you can buy the first one for average action. Hey, it's up to you, but, I recommend getting both games.Game Ratings for Temple of the FrogGraphics 4/5Sound 5/5Control 4/5Gameplay 4/5Replay 2/5Overall 4/5
3	B00005NCAD	This game kept my grand children intertain for hours and they found it to be fun. The game was fun for all ages.
3	B00005NCAK	love the game plays vary well i love playing it evey day ^_^ i was saprised when i got it it was in such good shape will be buying from you agin
3	B00005NCAK	My girlfriend and I had been looking for a game that we can play together.  I love video games, and she likes them, but she doesn't like to play a lot of the games that I do.  After some thinking, I proposed the idea of Harvest Moon: a fun little game about farming.  Surprisingly enough, she agreed to give it a try.  This was a great purchase; we both absolutely love the game and really enjoy playing it together.The premise of the game is that your grandfather recently passed away and left you his farm.  You take over the farm, but the village is in trouble.  If you can't find a way to save the village in one year, the village will be destroyed.  There are nine possible endings, each one saving the village.  While farming is important, it is the interactions and relationships with the other characters that are stressed.It is up to you to do the day to day tasks of watering your crops, feeding the animals, brushing them, milking them, gathering eggs, and interacting with your neighbors.  If at the end of the year you have failed to accomplish an ending (I was so close!), you have to start the game over, but you get to keep all of your possessions, animals, and money.  You do have to start all over as far as the relationships go, but this is the same as if you got an ending.  With 9 endings in all, you can keep playing and focusing on different people and different things.This is a true family game and is a lot of fun to play.  I'm really glad that I found a game I can play with my girlfriend and we both can enjoy it.  I'm surprised that a farming game is this much fun!
3	B00005NCAK	By my count there are about 6 or 7 Harvest Moon games out there for various systems, so Natsume must be doing something right.  In fact, they recently released number 3 for the Gameboy Color.On Save the Homeland, the graphics are much improved (obviously) from any other version on the market.  I have been playing it now for just a couple days, and I am already hooked.  From what I read, the game focuses more on interaction with the townspeople than it does making money.  I don't really agree with this; making money seems to be the primary goal.  Plus, the people that I keep running into on an (hourly) basis don't have a whole lot to say or do.  They are just sort of roaming around, and tell you some little cheesy statement about life.I do have one question; where in the...is the dog food?
3	B00005NCAK	I love this game, it has different ending to the story depending on what you do. He does get tired easy so make sure he eats and sleeps enough or you will not be able to get through the day.
3	B00005NCAK	Harvest Moon is a classic farm building game where you sow your crops, feed your cows and lead a quiet, peaceful life. This new version kicks up the graphics a notch!In this version, you are taking over your grandpa's farm, which is very run down. You only have a year to save it from being run over by developers. So unlike the other versions of Harvest Moon, where you develop your farm and life over years of time, in this one you get ONE year, and that's it. You solve the problem, the game ends.Yes, you can start a new game and try to win again, maybe choosing a different path to success. There are 9 endings in all, depending on how you want to play it. You can achieve one of the victories in just a few hours, so you could in essence play each night for a week or two and have a different experience each night.The game isn't as much about real farm management as the other Harvest Moons were. You can't plot out your crops, your main aim is to work on relationships with the townsfolk.The graphics are very interesting, with 3D characters much like in the Dark Cloud series. The music is OK, bordering on slightly annoying. I found the intro sequence to be especially tedious, with the little sprites leading you by the nose through every single task you could possibly want to do. It would be much better if they told you about a given task when you got to it, instead of overloading you with every single minute detail right at the beginning.This is a great 'training' game to get people used to the Harvest Moon style of gameplay. Experienced Harvest Mooners might find this game too short, because just as you are getting into your farm tending and relationship building, POOF it is over. So for long term satisfaction, I'd move on to the other harvest moons which are about long term success.
3	B00005NCAK	This game is vey fun and has awesome graphics,but I can't say iit is better than the PS1 version. The flaw with this game is it is very short. I beat it in less than 10 hours of game play. There are 9 endings but it would be boring to go throught it over and over. But,it was very fun,but just too short.
3	B00005NCAK	Who would've thought playing a game where you raise chickens, plant crops and milk cows could be so much fun?  I certainly had my doubts.My fiance bought this game for me, but wound up playing it when I (a major RPG fan) decided that the game couldn't possibly be interesting.  The strange thing is--it is!After watching Harvest Moon: StH for several hours (she hasn't let me play yet), I've got to say that this is one addictive game!Graphics:  7/10  Not the greatest graphics, but it has the typical Japanese anime-style graphics with cute dogs and characters with large heads and feet.  My only complaint is that you can't really tell mature cows (who give M milk) from young cows (who give S milk), but it's not a big thing.Sound: 8/10  Your chickens cluck (and make an awful racket!) and your cows moo, but aside from that, the music is upbeat and changes with the seasons.  I particularly liked how the cicadas chirped during the summer month--a nice touch and it reminded me of when I was living in Japan during the summer.Gameplay:  6/10  Okay, the only serious downfall to this game is the camera angles and the difficulty to properly position your character to do certain actions.  When you're watering your crops, 10 out of 10 times, you will miss watering at least one of your crops a day.  The problem with this?  Your character tires while doing chores, so for each missed watering, you'll have to do it again, which means your character will tire faster.  Plus, 10 seconds=10 game minutes, so you'll lose precious time, too.  And then, there's the difficulty herding your cows into and out of your barn.  Going out isn't a problem, as time stands still when you're indoors, but when it's 5:00 in the afternoon, your cows are outside grazing and it's going to rain the next day, it gets really frustrating when it takes five game hours to herd in 3 cows.Replay value/fun: 10/10  The fun in this is making things work and the monotony of things is actually a good thing.  The tedium of doing your chores and trying to get some time in to go fishing, sell your food stuffs or talk to people is all part of the game and it's even better when you can actually afford to buy a kitchen and make your own food!  In terms of replay, this game is just like real life, in that the game never has to end.  You can pick off from where you left off when the game (year) ends and you can try working for a different ending (there are nine in all).I love this game for so many reasons and I recommend it for RPG lovers (who don't mind doing some repetitive chores) and kids, as it teaches them the value of hard work, friendship and responsibility.  And the best part of it all is, this is a fun game that doesn't need violence to keep the player satisfied!
3	B00005NCAK	This is a weird addition of Harvest Moon. It's kind of weird, but it gets away from your farm and to your homelands. There multiple endings for this game, but here's my review.Concept- Harvest Moon on PS2 = WeirdGraphics- am I playing Dark Cloud Or Harvest Moon?Sound- The Catchy music makes this one the Harvest Moon game  with the best scorePlayability- Easy as pieEntertainment- Enjoyable from begining to end, but it feels a little WierdReplay- Moderate-HighAlex- 8.25/10
3	B00005NCAK	As I popped Harvest Moon - Save the Homeland into my PlayStation2, I wonder how the game is going to be. I had never played a Harvest Moon game before, and couldn't wait to try it out. Let me tell you, not playing Harvest Moon was definitely WASTED years!Where to start? Well, my favorite thing about the game is that you take on role-player as the owner of a farm (you get to choose the name and also your name and animals' names...). You can buy chickens and cows. To get a horse, however, you have to work at the Brownie Farm for quite sometime (which is one of the few negative aspects).Another thing I like about Harvest Moon is that you interact with about, oh I don't know...Up to 20 people, maybe? Harvest Moon is full of friends!The only MAJOR bad thing about the game is that you only have a "year" to play the game. You have to 'Save the Homeland' from being replaced by a theme park. A good game wasted with this aspect.So I hope this review helps you decide to get the game. And take a look at Harvest Moon: Another Wonderful Life (Special Edition).
3	B00005NCAK	I'm sorry to say that this is my first Harvest Moon game, beause I love it! I'm not one of those people who likes the most popular games, so I wanted to get somehing a little different. This game was on sale, so I picked it up and loaded it into the Ps2 and began playing. It's an easy game to figure out, but not too easy. After an hour or two, I was addicted. The graphics and songs are very cute and the gameplay has a cute concept. Working your way through the four seasons (summer, wintr, spring, and fall that is) you must purchase, sell, and raise animals, grow and sell crops, develop relationships, and eventually cook up some things in the kitchen. Personally, the cooking is my favorite part. After buying, harvesting, or gathering crops in the forest, you can experiment with different recipes in the kitchen. Eventually, you'll be making yourself eggs for breakfast, soup for lunch, and maybe even some jam or cake for dessert. If you're the type of person who enjoys different and unique games, Harvest Moon: Save the Homeland is for you.
3	B00005NCAK	I have not played this game, but I don't need to in order to know it's quality. I've played many of the other Harvest Moon games, and boy are they fun!! The farming, meeting people, finding secrets, making friends, and getting married are all great aspects of the game.(however in this version you can't get marrried..) Plus much more!! This should be a definite buy!
3	B00005NCAK	I cannot begin to compliment this little game enough. I have most of the "large" game consoles HM but not the DS etc but I really do love this game .  I played the first one on NES and have been hooked ever since.If you want a non violent, learning responsibility , cultivation of friendships and yes even innocent romantic  relationships,teaching to share, teaching time management game for yourself or your child this is a awesome game. Each  game gets progressive more detailed with more people  and things you can do. You receive gifts  from people you befriend or sometimes they gift you outright. The later ones your spouse ( yes you can get married) helps you around the farm you can assign them chores. This first one does have a time limit * you have to finish it in a certain amount of game days.The later ones do not have time limits on them.Later Harvest Moons lets you choose to be a boy or a girl * Magical Melody lets you choose as well as a couple of others.One of my favorite series hands down!
3	B00005NCAM	There is only one word to describe this game.....AWESOME!! I rented it at first not knowing what to expect, but when I got home I wasn't disappointed. It has some serious plot and a very addictive style to it. The game will never let you down and is a definite contender for this year Game of the Year and the year just began.
3	B00005NCAM	I first bought the PS2 to replace my old PC games. This was one of my favorite games. And yes I will keep searching for the other games.
3	B00005NCAM	This is an older game. But the game play surpasses some of the newer games. Great storyline, game play and game!!!
3	B00005NCAM	Sure the graphics are simple, but what a great plot and game play mechanics for any time.  If it was good back then it's still good today.
3	B00005NCAM	You Are JC Denton. A nanotech agent that works for UNATCO.(United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalation) Let me describe this game a bit... think X-Files...with more guns, pepper spray, crowbars, grenades,shotguns, mini-crossbows, sniper rifles, batons, knives(throwing or combat), assault rifles..and much more. The list goes on and on. This game is very much like watching an X Files episdoe...where you get to choose what you wnt to say...and what you say or do affects the turnout of the game. I just want to say that this is an amazing game, and has really kept me playing for hours on end...The only problem I found was the maps are seperated into smaller parts...which makes it a little hard to move around. But overall....i would reccomend this game to anyone who is sick of the in-your-face, shootemups. It really is great fun to be abkle to choose your own path..as a stealthy nano-agent, or a man-made killing machine...either way, you'll be happy with this game. Go buy it..seriously..you won't be dissapointed. Why aerent you buying it? Cmon....click the little button that says "add to cart"- oh what..not convinced? Read other reviews...or rent it.... you'll love it.
3	B00005NCAM	While the graphics are not very good the gameplay takes over in Dues Ex: The Conspiracy, a port of the popular PC game.  You'd be foolish to miss it.
3	B00005NCAM	This is one of the greatest games of all time.  The plot is incredible, keeping you on your toes throughout the gaming experience.  The grapics are decent, especially for the age of this game and the system it was on.  I loved the opportunity to make choices that determined my character's progression.A little RPG and a little FPS = a lot of FUN
3	B00005NCAM	This game is the bomb!  The whole day could pass by without you knowing it.  I've spent many weekends, staring at the clock, seeing how much time I had left until I had to do something responsible around the house.  It's that deep.  There's so much you can do and you'll never get tired of doing it.  Whoever thought of the "save anywhere" feature is alright in my book and will find a stocking stuffer under his/her Christmas tree this year.  I was actually interested in the story for a change.  The controls are sweet.  If I didn't have tons of other video games that I have yet to open, I'd be replaying this one again.  This game is a must for shooter fans.  I would rate it in my "Top 5 All Time Games."  Oh yeah, stay away from "No One Lives Forever" unless you like games that smell.
3	B00005NCAM	If this title is half as good on the PS2 as it was for the pc than it is a must buy. My friend got it for the PC and I got hooked. Its a mix of almost any game genre all in one. In first person perspective you travel through many levels and are forced to solve puzzels, shoot the hell out of bad guys, find keys, and eventually choose sides. Help the agency or help your rogue brother. As a robot/human you are built to kill but can choose wether to be a nice robot or a shoot the beepin beep out of everything robot(killing civies is not punished :) happily). You can mace a little kid for the fun of it, or save a lonely bum, its all up to you. In my opinion this game is a must have whether you play PC or PS2.
3	B00005NCAN	I am usually very critical of games so I was quite suprised when I played this game and realized it is literally perfect.  The folks who have given it bad reviews should have their heads examined.  Either they are snobs or NBA rejects.  All you have to do to see the greatness of this game is watch an NHL game on TV and then immediately play this game...you will see how incredibly EA has captured the feel of the game.Go Rangers!!!
3	B00005NCAN	NHL 2002 is the new benchmark for hockey games. It's fun, it's deep, it's got features up the wazoo, and best of all, it lasts long.The gameplay has been upped significantly since last year, framerate hicups are gone, horrible A.I. is out, while Franchise mode, NHL Cards, Create-A-Face builder, and new commentary are in. Thankfully all of these are welcome additions. Since it's already July, you can probably see how deep this game is, and I bought it in October. The Franchise mode helps considerably, but the option to make shorter seasons and longer Franchise years is needed in 2003. Also EA, let us take down the period length to 2-4 minutes instead of only four set times (5, 10, 15, 20 minute periods are your only options). And EA, where's the Create-A-Team feature? Just walk over to Madden or FIFA studios and steal theirs, jeez.A lot of people whined about the color commentary, but frankly it's a great addition in my books simply because most commentary teams are incredibly boring (Madden/ Summerall, I'm looking at you). So what if Don Taylor is constantly cracking jokes, it's better than listening to repetitive and dull insight from lifeless announcers, like in NFL or NBA 2K2, for example. Here are a few of his brilliant comments:- Hockey is like Chess, only with way more bodychecking.- That shot so hard my lunch almost came back up...again!- Lucky the boards were there to stop him from getting hammered into the fans!- They capitilized on that powerplay in capitillian fashion!I think commentary in video games is underrated and I'm glad NHL's is at least tolerable and as not boring as 95% of all the other sports games.Overall hockey video gaming doesn't get any better. By now you should be able to pick this one up pretty cheap, and you can't possibly go wrong here. It may lean to the arcady side a bit but it's a blast to play- by yourself or with friends.
3	B00005NCAN	NHL 2002 is a blast to play, and has a lot of options and features that NHL 2001 left out. I personally love the wacky commentary of Don Taylor, and much to my wife's chagrin, find myself quoting it almost daily. I guess it just appeals to my silly sense of humor. As Don would say-&quot;I come for the scoring, but I stay for the hits!&quot; Or in this case, the color commentary. Thanks, EA.
3	B00005NCAN	Considering that I was a huge fan of NHL 2001, this year's version looks to be even better. Most of the problems that plagued '01 like the chunky framerate has been eliminated, lacking create-a-player features, and more season options have been boosted to give even more replay value to this great title. All the teams, players, and arenas have been souped up and are tremendously life-like. This should be one of the must own titles for the Playstation 2 this fall.
3	B00005NCAN	WARNING! DO NOT SPEND 50 BUCKS ON THIS GAME!!The people writing these reviews must of writen them when they JUST got the game. This game Is the most fun EVER for only 3 days. Then it gets extremely boring.nothing more to say. the graphics are ok, This game will satisfy u for about 3 days.RENT THIS GAME BECAuSE U WILL GET SICK OF IT QUICKLY!
3	B00005NCAN	NHL 2002 is a nice incremental revamp of NHL 2001.  It's fun to play and a solid update, but does not represent a major overhaul of the previous edition (unlike the significant overhaul of the FIFA series for 2002).In addition to updated rosters, graphics, etc a very welcome upgrade is support for dts sound.  I was actually unaware that NHL 2002 supported dts, ..., but if your PS2 is connected to a receiver w/ dts support, the sound is quite improved.  Everything from the cinematic sequences to game sounds & commentary are enhanced by the multi-channel support.Other improvements include the usual updated rosters, better graphics, and inclusion of a "cards" system (a la Madden) in which completing certain goals (10 hits in a period, highest faceoff percentage, etc) gives you cards which can provide in-game boosts.  Some other small details include a revamped emotion meter (showing which side has the momentum), bug fix for overtime (in NHL 2001 one team would have 5 skaters in overtime where the other had the correct 4 skaters), and further player differentiation (in addition to "Big Hitters" and "Big Shooters" there are now "Snipers" and "Heroes").  One minor complaint is that EA redid the in-game commentary, I suppose to be funnier or more "edgy", but it's mostly trite or just plain dumb (if you don't like Dennis Miller on Mon Night Football, I guarantee you will not enjoy the new NHL 2002 commentary).Overall, a solid new version NHL.  If you already have NHL 2001, but you're only an occasional player, then I'd say wait till next year to upgrade.  But if you don't own NHL 2001 or you love EA's NHL series, then NHL 2002 is certainly well worth the money.
3	B00005NCAN	this is the best hockey game ever ... this game is perfect if only they didn't put Mario Lemieux on the cover
3	B00005NCAN	NHL 2002 for the Sony Playstation 2 is a decent hockey game with some good points, bad points, and a few completly terrible points.The good: It's hockey (I seem to say that every year, but hockey is a great sport). This game has great graphics and options (dynasty/franchise mode for example). AI is much improved in the goalies from last season. Goalies are much more consistant this year as scoring is a bit more difficult and realistic on the medium and difficult modes. Also, the game plays true-to-life when it comes to your strategy. If you go all-out to constantly make open-ice hits or don't dump the puck into the offensive zone while changing lines, there's a great chance you'll give up odd-man rushes that can very well lead to a lot of goals against.The bad: The sound has hurt this game more than anything. The play-by-play and color comentating are the worst I've ever heard. This is hockey--a full contact game where the weak get crushed and pounded and fighting gets you five minutes rather than five games. The developers at EA have decided to take a physical sport and turn it into some kind of comical relief type of atmosphere that doesn't work at all. Checks sound like explosions and slap shots sound like rockets. EA needs to hire a new sound team as each season their sound effects keep getting worse. The music even has the comical Bare Naked Ladies group for their music choice. And where's the organ music (seldom heard) and national anthems? Also, some added replay features are put into the game to stop the action while some stupid replay of a big save or big hit is shown three times (this can be turned off, though--which makes this a waste of programming and dics space). Breakaways are put into widescreen mode to &quot;add&quot; to the excitement or whatever of one of the most exciting moments of the game. Well, it does take getting used to, but this feature is not wanted in a hockey sim.The ugly: Fighting looks much better this year, but it's still a non-skilled, button-mashing contest. No ducking or grabbing--just fistacuffs thrown for about three seconds. The fighting in EA's NHL 96 for the Sega Genesis was much better than this garbage (remember pulling your opponents jersey over their head, throwing them down to the ice, and continue to beat him while they're down?--Ahhh, the good days of real hockey programming--Mark Lesser: Where are you?!?). I'd love to see that go from 16-bit to what we have today on the PSX2--not this button-mashing garbage.This is not a bad title by any means. When you get used to the controls and aweful color comentary, you'll see that this is an addictive game as there is a lot of simutation and realism involved. Simply adjust the options to your liking and to eliminate to annoying garbage and you'll have a great sim on your PSX2. Is it better that NHL 2001? In most areas, yes. It's not the add-ons that make it better (with the exception of the franchise mode), it's the better gameplay (mainly the goalie AI) that makes it better.
3	B00005NCAN	This would be my 4th purchase in the indestructible NHL series, although the first since NHL '97 for the PC.  Upon seeing that and Super NES versions of the series, I expected the fast-paced gameplay, loads of stats, and top-notch presentation that is included here.  But those pesky EA developers weren't satisfied with making an improved version of previous installments.  This game is light years beyond any other hockey game I've ever played.  Let's start with the options - this game, to go along with its create-a-player option, has a create-a-face option as well.  This means I can create a player with my build, height, weight, even signature goatee, (or that of Kovalchuk's, Dopita's or Huselius') and throw him into a pit of Dale Purintons, Georges Laraques and Andrei Nazarovs.  It's a thrill seeing your name in the same category as Joe Sakic at the top of the goals list, as well as Tie Domi and, unfortunately, the less-than-goonish Mike Peca at the top of the PIM's list.  The cards feature is a nice touch too.  It allows, among other things, many of your key players to become super-skilled for a period or 2 or 3, or allows for neat animations after a goal is scored.  The best feature of them all, however, is the fantasy draft option.  This is how I am navigating my career, and its just twisted seeing Mario Lemieux in a Colorado Avalanche jersey, as well as the top St. Louis Blues line in my Maple Leafs uniform.  And then there's the graphics, which couldn't be sharper.  The faces are usually lifelike, although there are a few (Doug Weight and Ryan Smyth in particular) that aren't even close, if you wanna be picky.  Even the crowds are 3D and animated as well, which is a huge step up from the pixel-fests of other installments.  The commentary is also worth noting.  Although not exactly what you'd hear on a CBC telecast, the commentary is always with the play, and even says the first names of your created players.  The colour commentary is stupid, but for the first time, that's intentional, and its actually quite amusing.  The gameplay is not too different - blazingly fast, with crisp control, many moves, and quite challenging on the most difficult level.  The beginner mode is insultingly easy (I beat it 10-1 the first time I played it), but on medium and difficult, it's a nice challenge.  Although scoring on medium is still too easy (especially with Pavel Bure's wicked dekes and insane wrist shot - I'm sure he finds beating Cujo too easy in real life), the computer opponent is pretty good at creating pressure in your own end.  The fights are a dull experience, and some of the stat categories are still inflated (especially penalty-related categories), but it's still the best mix of realism and entertainment value around.  If you have any interest in hockey, this is an essential own.
3	B00005NCAN	I've never been a really huge hockey fan.  Sure, I watch the games on tv when nothing else is on and I follow the local pro hockey team.  However, nothing beats the excitement of scoring the game winning goal in OT and using the &quot;Fireworks&quot; celebration card after winning 2-1!I've played a lot of the other NHL games, all giving great gameplay experiences.  NHL 2002 just delivers more of it with breakway cams, checking cams, TV like game highlights, NHL cards, and awesome graphics.  Plus the new manual deke and touch passing really makes this a great sim.  I haven't played anything but the highest difficultly rating and boy is it tough.  Low scoring games and a lot of great defense make for a tense finish.Turn off the color commentary and switch to full DTS sound and enjoy the best hockey experience ever created!
3	B00005NCAN	In a gaming world packed with consoles the sports game genre has become a staple.  Being a big hockey fan myself I tend to be more fussy than the average sports gamer, often looking for the finer details.  And EA spared no expense when putting their all into &quot;NHL 2002&quot;.Electronics Arts has always been the leader when it comes to sports games, dating back to their early days developing for the consoles Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis.  What I have come to expect is quality from EA, and to this day those expectations have always been met.The game itself is very realistic and true to an actual NHL game.  When your players are thrown in the box their reactions will vary from sitting quietly to throwing their hands about and shouting at the Ref.  After you score a goal your players proceed to the traditional team celebration with authentic sirens and music.  Graphically the game holds up well, not to much to complain about in that area.But even the best of games have some annoying things, and &quot;NHL 2002&quot; is no acception to the rule.  First off, the announcers, dear god the announcers.  I don't think it's possible for these men to get any more annoying, with catch phrases that grow old within the the first 5 minutes.  Ultimately I ended up muting them out, and found the game much more enjoyable from there on in.  Also, music is provided by bands such as Sum 41, Treble Charger and Gob, and while I like most of them (except Sum 41) the repetitive playing of their songs when your players enter or in between whistles can really push your patience to the limits.So, if your a fan on EA's NHL series you won't be dissapointed by their 2002 installment.  Besides a few annoying points this game is top notch and will impress gamers and hockey fans alike.
3	B00005NCAN	EA Sports has done it again.  Quite frankly, I am not a fan of hockey or soccer, but I do enjoy video simulations of both sports.  This is the best hockey game since NHL '93 for the Genesis, and is a must-buy for anyone who likes games with lots of action.  The graphics are superb, the 4 difficulty setting means there will always be a challenge, and the audio is above par.  The announcers are funny and have a lot of different phrases, although they will repeat themselves after a few games.The action is smooth and easy to follow, thanks to a large variety of available camera angles.  There are in-game replays of particularly hard hits and spectacular saves, although this does tend to hinder the flow of the game.  I turned this option off after a few games.Probably the best thing about NHL 2002, though, is that it is very easy to learn.  This makes it one of the best four-player/party games available.  It is worth getting a multitap and the extra controllers in order to play two-on-two.  My brother, who is videogame illiterate for the most part, scored two goals in his first game and was checking people all over the ice.If you are a parent, there is some low-level violence, and the players can get into fights, although this option can be turned off.
3	B00005NCAN	Excellent game play and player control makes NHL 2002 an excellent game to own. The break away cam, great hit cam and excellent game cam make NHL 2002 a visually entertaining game with many hours of fun.Unfortunately, NHL 2002 does not have franchising available, saving a season takes half of a memory card, and I have not found out (if possible) how to save only a profile, and not a season.All in all, this is an excellent game with excellent features added to improve over the previous version.
3	B00005NCAN	Yeah, you got to love the theme song by GOB in this game. But seriously, this game is so nice you can just pick up, play it, and have fun. I wasn't even a fan of hockey games until I tried this at a friend's house back in like 2004, but I was hooked by how awesome this game was to play. Seriously, me, playing hockey? I knew I was good at it in gym class when we'd play floor hockey and I'd be knocking people out of the way while I was constantly on the ball, but I CAN'T SKATE. So real hockey was always out of the question...plus there was never a league anywhere near me while I was growing up. But this game, makes those road blocks disappear. Look, Mom. I'm finally the NHL star I knew I always could be...Yeah, go me!What is also refreshing is listening to the hilarious banter between the commentators. As the 2nd latest reviewer said, this was before EA realized they had to try. Even though that review is 4 years old I completely agree with everything he said.Now, incase you run across some of these old games and are thinking about picking them up ever, let me list my opinions of the other EA NHL games, from the early 00's, incase you are wondering how it compares:2001: 2nd best in playability. 1st being 2002.2002: Fun and enjoyable. The best out of the 01 to 05 EA NHL Games.2003: OMG!!! This is the perfect soundtrack. In a perfect world, this soundtrack would be combined with NHL 2002 to form the perfect hockey game.2004: More of a serious effort was put into this game. It seemed they were really going for a deep in depth view of a hockey game here. Like if you are one of those guys who eats, sleeps, and breathes ESPN...this would be for you. Me? I'm a casual fan. So the laid back "let's have fun with it" attitude of 2002 is where it's at for me. Decent soundtrack. Franz Ferdinand's "Take Me Out" is on here. Good song from back in the day.2005: THEY FINALLY ADDED A JUKEBOX SELECTION! Finally, I can skip the tracks I don't want to hear. Praise God! Again, same as 2004, more of a serious approach to hockey. Also, there is a little bit of a technical upgrade to playing a game. You can pick various options now while on the ice. Like which plays to perform, if I remember correctly. Yeah, I wasn't down with making everything in depth. Like I said, I loved the pick up and take it to the other team playability in 2002. Also, decent soundtrack again. "Memories" by Sugar Cult is on here. Good song. Also, the problem is just too much good music game out in 2002. A couple years later, there was still good music just not as much! HAHAOK, THANKS FOR READING, and if this helps one person then it was all worth the 20 minutes it took me to think and type my thoughts out. PEACE and be glad you will never face in real hockey. Be glad NHL 2002, is my stomping ground and not real ice. HAHA Just Kidding. LATER!
3	B00005NCAS	I recently got a GBA so I can play this game now; however, when I had my old GBA before it broke, I beat this game twice.  I haven't played the other Harry Potter games for GBA yet, but plan to.  This game is fun and a good way to pass the time on a car ride somewhere (although there was a long time where I was stuck on the Hagrid's Hut level).  I won't be selling this game.Now, just for fun, click the "yes" button to the proceeding question.
3	B00005NCAS	This a great game for fans of Harry Potter that dont want the magic of the book or film to end.  The game really makes you feel as if you've entered Harry's magical world by closely following the story of the book and film.  The experience is like actually &quot;being&quot; Harry Potter in 'The Sorcerers Stone'.  The colors are bright, the game areas and characters are large, and the tasks are varried.  You get to do everything from talking to characters, learning magical spells, to secretly exploring the castle and collecting magic cards.  And of course, you get to play quidditch.  The quidditch match is a bit hard to navigate at fist, but you soon get the hange of it and wiz along like a pro.Anyone from 7 on up can get enjoyment out of this game.  The challegnge level increases somewhat as you progress, so even experienced gamers will get into the fun.  But really it's all about HP fans getting a taste of the wizzarding world, and in that it suceeds in spades!
3	B00005NCAS	Im not a huge harry potter fan, but this game should be an interesting one to watch. It should sell out very quickly to kids, so reserve yours today.The game is based on the hit book series by JK rowling. In the GBA game, you must survive the first year at Hogwarts. This game is made Electronic Arts game. You play the Role of Harry potter exploring Hogwarts in his first year as a student wizard. You must enter classes with Neville Longbottom, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasly and master 29 skills that are used in the book. You must also overcome challenges that come each term, such as looking for Hagrid's lost pets or finding the sorcerers stone itself.It should be a hit among kids and will sell out very quickly. EA sure knows how to make a lot of money. There is also a GBC counterpart to this GBA game, which should also sell well.
3	B00005NCAS	This is a fun game full of puzzles, challenges of all kinds. There is a lot of sneaking around to do. It seems long and sure I might like all the products that I review. But I just come to love games, and this one is my favorite. Besides I read the book and saw the movie and love both besides a video game always has a way of enhancing the story by making the video game a challenge. Explore the wonder and magic of how the books and movies got started. This is where the series all begins.
3	B00005NCAS	I compare this game to old game boy games and I'm amazed. Game play is fair, but over all the game is good and engrossing. However, I'm a sucker for game boy games.... My wife, who is much more discriminating, loves the game more than I do.
3	B00005NCAY	This game is best for skilled gamers ages 8+ because there are some hard levels and tasks. The graphics are O.K. because it is an old game, and that must go into consideration before you purchase it.
3	B00005NCAY	I bought this game as part of my "PS1 game shopping spree". I was a bit nervous when I started to play the game because I was afraid how it would turn out.It was great. I really loved how the developers added stuff there that aren't in the book (e.g. Flipendo).The Good: -You can collect different coloured beans for special prizes (yellow, blue, green and red).-Great hidden challenges to win cards.-Very kid-friendly!The Bad: -Sometimes, it can get a bit repetitive.-If you fail to collect all 17 cards at the end of the game, you can't come back to collect them. (fixed in next Harry Potter)-Lack of save points.
3	B00005NCAY	Where to begin.  I got this game more than 10 years ago and remember it well.  I do remember i had a lot of fun playing it, addicting almost.It is very fun and easy to play.  It is neat you can go exploring the castle ( as much as old hardware let you) and how it added stuff from the book, like peeves.The biggest dissapointment were the execution of spells.  You can only do incendio on certain places and stuff like that.Nevertheless the graphics are ok ( terrible compared to bf3 today) and gameplay is nice. A nice platformer of its generation.
3	B00005NCAY	This was part of my daughter's Christmas gift.  I was glad it arrived prior to Christmas.  She has already checked it out and is very happy with it.
3	B00005NCAY	Many games based on movies are just bad. For example, the game of Tarzan for psx [stunk] big time, or the Emperor's New Groove, or the Fifth Element. When i heard of Harry Potter coming out for the psx, i tought it was going to be as bad as any game based on a movie. I was a bit wrong. This game is very fun...while it lasts! Check out the good and bad things about it below:The Good Things:-Somethings are based on the book-The characters are just the same as in the movie-Hogwarts is huge, there is plenty to explore-You assist all classes including the quidditch practice-You fight against Voldermort and Quirell-The magic spells are amazing: Incendio, Alohamora, Wigardium Leviosa, etc.The Bad Things:-There are too many things that are not in the book-Harry Potter doesn't talk-The conversations between characters are briefly-The battle against Voldemort is quite pathetic-The end is very bad-Many things are briefly described by the narrator in a book-The forbidden forest is not scary-Voldemort appears frequently using a green magic-All the magic used by Harry is basically following the order of bottoms. Example: Press X then O and finally X again: very simple-Very short and easyOverall, the game is a worth buying game for any Harry Potter fan.
3	B00005NCB2	This should be a popular game among not only kids, but adults too, as it has great graphics. It will have several weapons and maps for players to use. The game is set in the future, and will support 4 player multiplayer games, with many different modes. This is yet another game that is made by Majesco.
3	B00005NCB2	Was looking for a FPS for my new GBASP, and was given this. Very Doomlike, but what is missing is some music. Also, the enemies don't pursue you like they do in doom, but either way, it is a great little game. Not bad graphics either and pretty good texture for a handneld.
3	B00005NCB2	I just bought this game today and I have to tell you I'm pretty impressed.It's got amazing graphics for a handheld.I did however I did find a few flaws that did disapoint me.The sound effects of the guns are pretty weak, and this doesn't apply to everyone but this game lacks gore.This game is awesome and really not that violent so if you want a first person shooter that is not to violent this is the one for you.Over all I loved this game but I think I prefer doom due to the gore.
3	B00005NCB2	Dark Arena is a fantastic game.  I wanted a First Person Shooter that didn't require tons of thinking and puzzle solving.  I just wanted something to relax with and have some fun with after a long day at work.  This game accomplishes that.  It has suprisingly crisp and colorful graphics.  For those people that said the graphics stink, I think their expectations are too high.  This is not on an X-Box or NGC.  It's on a GBA with a tiny screen.  I feel that the enemies have great looks to them and the weapons are fun and creative.  The only reason that I have not given this game 5 stars is because there is not music during the game and I don't like writing down passwords.  I wish it had a built in &quot;Save&quot; feature.  Other than that, this game is awesome!  All video games do not have to be extremely complex and difficult in order to be fun!  Lots of games now are way too complex...So complex in fact that they aren't any fun if you just want to sit down and play for a little bit because it takes too much time and effort to get into them.  Don't get me wrong, I like many of those games too, but that's not what this game's about.  Purchase this game if you want a fun, medium involved, stress relieving game!
3	B00005NCB5	If you've heard of Soldier of Fortune, then like most people you probably heard of it's notorious reputation. At the time it was released, Soldier of Fortune was arguabley the most graphic, violent game on the market. While it lacked any vulgarity, the realistic depiction of gore really pushed the envelope - it even got condemned as "pornography" (due to violence, not nudity) by the canadian government.This is how I first became curious about the game, and my first time playing it, I was pretty shocked - in a pleasant way. The game uses technology called the "ghoul engine", which drives the games graphical gore fest. This system allows, for all sorts of realistic damage to be done to objects and characters in the game. Nasty looking bullet holes, complete with powder burns, apear where you shoot a bad guy. Blood is plentiful in the game. And of course shoot someone enough times at a joint (or with a high caliber weapon) and you will dismember them. This is actually pretty fun, though somewhat disturbing. Shooting someone in the stomache with a shotgun will even cause intestines to spill out, and shooting someone in the face causes a REALLY nasty mess.While the over the top gore, is the main "feature" of the game, but otherwise the graphics look pretty good considering the year the game was made. Nothing too spectacular, but based on the quake 2 engine the game looks pretty good. Aside from dead bodies with missing legs and pieces of shattered bone potruding froom the stumps, the game has lots of other little graphical details. Bullet holes are different sizes for different weapons, and are different based on the type of surface you fire at. Sound too is pretty good, and bullets hitting metal, not only made nice looking bullet holes, but also sound pretty intense.Besides these features the game is a little lacking in plot, but then again, that's probably not why you're playing this game. The gameplay is a heck of a lot of fun, and as long as you're old enough to handle it, the gore is just a nice little commodity. The problem is the game doesnt feel very "serious" although it tries to. The story gets pretty stupid towards the end, as the end of the game is a "boss fight" with a bad guy who looks like a reject from the GI Joe cartoons.Also the realism found in the graphics is no where in the rest of the game. The selection of weapons is lacking, and the weapons are FAKE made up weapons, that are only LOOSELY based on real military arms at best. Some of the late game weapons are just plain stupid. They would have been better of staying with a gritty military persona for the game.The gameplay is good, and if you want to see lots of blood and guts you'll love this game. But you may be disapointed that the rest of the game lacks character and realism.
3	B00005NCB5	This is one of the most violent games that I have played on the Playstation 2.It's so bad that there is even a warning on the back of the box about how violent it is.You can switch off the gore in the options menu though....but what fun is that??? Lol I found the game itself to be very fun.I loved walking around and blowing the bad guys' heads off with a shotgun lol Sure,the graphics may not be all that great,compared to the games of today,but you gotta remember this game is over ten years old.So I can overlook the old graphics and still appreciate this for being a really cool game.I thought the music was pretty good too.There were a few times I got stuck,but I did end up beating the game eventually.So,if you've never played this before,ignore the bad reviews and give it a try.
3	B00005NCB5	Ya gotta lot it!  Pure, unadulterated violence.  My kinda game.  Yeah, the graphics are way outdated, but the manner in which you can blast body parts off of your enemies is fantastic.  I can't get enough of the dismemberment as they scream with their last breaths while being separated limb by limb with hot smoldering shotgun rounds.  The "save anywhere" feature is a blessing.  Overall, I enjoyed this prehistoric game.  I had to cheat to beat the final boss, but besides that, the difficulty level was just right.  Oh yeah, stay away from "No One Lives Forever".  That game wreaks.
3	B00005NCB6	Out of the three Star Trek video games that I own, Elite Force is the best even though I have never cared for Star Trek Voyager. The game is in first-person as you battle the deadly Borg. It uses the Quake III Arena engine and contains over 30 multiplayer arenas.
3	B00005NCB6	Let me start by saying that in all of my reviews of video games, I don't concern myself with graphics, sound, and story as much as some do.  What matters to me the most is game play and whether the game is fun or frustrating.  This game is a very good game and a lot of fun to play, which just happens to have outstanding graphics, sound, and an interesting story.Voyager Elite Force is a FPS based on the Star Trek:Voyager universe featuring the voice talents of all the cast members of the TV show (except for Kes).  As a member of Voyager's "hazard team" you will embark on several missions on Voyager and various alien ships including a Borg cube.  You will encounter a variety of aliens and alien weapons, but the game is not just a shooter, it involves some thoughtful puzzle solving.  The game has varying degrees of difficulty so that you can adjust the game play to your skill level.  One of the big pluses for this game is the "save at any point" feature that allows you to move the game along and not have to replay some of the longer, more tedious segments.The game has a few negative points.  For one thing, it's pretty easy to run out ammunition and you find yourself often second guessing what weapon to use.  When fighting alongside team members, they often get in your way more than they help.  The most annoying thing however, were the long cutscenes.  Also some portions of the Voyager based missions are frankly pretty boring and seem to be there just to take up time.  And the load times are horrendous.However, even with these annoyances, this is still a good solid game.  Voyager fans will love it, but I think anyone who enjoys FPS's will have a great time with the game.  This title has become my favorite game for the PS 2.
3	B00005NCB6	This game is great! So many missions, so many settings, so many weapons! It has decent replay value. It's also great that they included the voices of the Voyager cast.
3	B00005NCB6	My brother-in-law got me this game last weekend.  I had been on sort of a binge with mature-rated games, but I welcomely accepted the gift, being an avid Star Trek watcher.In comparison to another first-person shooter I own, Red Faction, Elite Force just barely doesn't measure up in the graphics department.  It is also a little more difficult.  But because of its starkly different plot, this game offers many innovative aspects.For example, usually after an away mission, you will be called upon to assist in repairs aboard Voyager.  In the two cases I have encountered, so far, you are presented with the opportunity to save a crewmember or sacrifice him for your own safety.  Between away missions, you can also test out new firepower on the holodeck, which offers a simulated western shootout.  Even more refreshing aspects reserved for Star Trek Voyager await, but you will have to find out for yourself.I also like the idea of the Infinity Modulator, an energy weapon developed by Seven of Nine that rapidly changes its frequency so that the Borg cannot adapt to it and defend themselves.  In addition, all of the aspects of the Borg from the show are seamlessly transplanted into this game.  They ignore you until you attack, the green energy nodes can be destroyed, rendering all nearby Borg helpless, and they will adapt to all energy weapons after a few shots, except for the Infinity Modulator.All in all, I am satisfied with the game.  First-person shooters generally have a high replay value as well as many, many levels to complete.  I think I enjoyed Red Faction just a little more and, of course, you always hit the occasional snag where you've searched everything and still can't figure out how to move on in a level.  However, it's original, intriguing, and fun.
3	B00005NCB6	I bought this game as a gift for a friend who is obsessed with Star Trek Voyager. She LOVED it! Bringing back the characters of the original series and allowing YOU to play as the characters, a truly great game for anyone who enjoys Star Trek Voyager!
3	B00005NCB6	Graphics- 5 StarsSound- 5 StarsCinema- 5 StarsGamePlay- 5 StarsTHIS GAMES FREAKING KICKS BUTTIE!
3	B00005NCB6	If you liked Quake III or other first-person shooting games or are a fan of the Star Trek universe, then you should get this game.  It doesn't have the best graphics but it uses the Quake III engine.  The character voices are like the ones on the show and the weapons each have two shooting modes.  It is a fun game that has a good storyline.
3	B00005NCBY	The absolute best of the tales series right here, really who hasn't played Tales of Eternia, you havn't played a tales game to you get a load of Reid and his silly antics.
3	B00005NCBY	Great game, but it's not Tales of Destiny 2 this is better known as Tales of Eternia as the PSP remake was called (nothing to do w/ Tales of Destiny, completely diff).Tales of Desinty 2 is on PS2 and only NTSC-J (Jap release) here's the REAL ToD2: [...]This is Tales of Desinty II AKA Tales of Eternia, get it right ppl (might want to change the title it's seriously false advertising ^_^;)
3	B00005NCBY	The first of Tales series, Tales of Phantasia was such revolutionary RPG for SNES/SFC, it was pity not to make in US.  When they introduced the second series, Tales of Destiny, with slightly tweaked Phantasia engine, there were no doubt that turned many gamers.This time, they got it right (well, mostly).  I still can't forgive some bonehead at Namco for changing name from Eternia to Destiny II, but otherwise, this is fine RPG.Graphic has been improved to 32-bit level without losing its uniqueness.  With bit of 16-bit simpleness, it distinguishes from others.Battle system is where this game shines.  Improving its trademark single plane, full time (no timebar) battle system, battle is more enjoyable than other RPGs.  While others might dismis this as simple button masher, it is not.  It takes great reflex of 2-D fighting game, and bit of strategy before the battle to maximize effectiveness.  For instance, assigning character's battle position, their battle method, and attack point increases your survival.Also, it doesn't hurt to point out that the first Tales was developed by Wolf Team (from Namco), which later defected to become tri-Ace (yes, the creator of Star Ocean series).  It explains the similarities.Weakest part of this game is Music Score.  They do their job, but also very forgetable.  I've played more than 50 RPGs including every Final Fantasy series, Star Oceans, Chronos, Lunar, Grandias, Persona 2, Manas, Sagas, Phantasy Stars, but this is the only time I couldn't remember any tune while playing.If you can find one (I got lucky at local store), you should give it a try.  However, if you are NOT RPG fan, I wouldn't recommend it.
3	B00005NCCA	It's just like the PS versions. You glide, fly, and burn will killing lambs, rock monsters, and more! Sparx is always by your side. He's a health meter. Gold: Fine, Blue: Shaky, Green: CAN'T HOLD ON MUCH LONGER! Roasting Lambs gives you health. You must warm up frozen fairies. Some allies help you by giving you frozen fairies, but ypu must help them, first!You will encounter classic elements. Fairies, portals, lambs, etc. When you play this, YOU'LL BE A KID AGAIN!Have a Blast!
3	B00005NCCA	I dont know if the game was good or not scince I got it for my step sister but she to enjoy it and she cant play video games that well.
3	B00005NCCA	Spyro: Season of Ice brings the famous fire-breathing dragon to the Game Boy Advance. What a treat! He's got his moves down, and is rescuing fairies!I'm a big fan of Spyro to begin with, and loved the first three Playstation versions (the fourth was made by a different company and was disappointing). I was hesitant to see how such a graphically-rich, fun game could be translated onto the small screen of the GBA.I was quite impressed!! The graphics are really quite good, showing off what the GBA is capable of. You've got a little dragon racing around his world, barreling into vases, toasting little sheep, rescuing the fairies that have been frozen.There are various worlds to work through, each with its own look. There are different challenges that you face in which you need to master all of your dragony skills, from flying to hovering to racing and more.I did find that with the worlds being large and the screen view being small, that it was sort of hard to keep track of where you were in a world. I imagine, though, if they made the characters smaller so you could see more at a time that it would become hard to see. So that's a reasonable tradeoff to make.Highly recommended for any Spyro fans who want a fun arcady game for their GBA!
3	B00005NCCA	I was hoping this game would be for ps2.but it wasnt.WHY THE HELK DID THEY MAKE THIS FOR GAME BOY ADVANCE!crash bandicoot the wrath of cortex and jak and daxter were much much better.this game is okay but this is not a must have!my friend jake helps me on this game.he says these games are funky.spyro3 is much much better than spyro4.the levels in this game are too hard for me.really even the sparx levels.there are only mini bosses in this game.in some of the sparx levels you have to beat a gaint bee, a grass hopper and some other bad bugs.next year they are going to make spyro5 for playstation2.I bet you want to know gendor looks like.hes real head is red and half of his belly.his other half is green.any way guess whos back! MONEY BAGS!but this time you only pay him for sparx levels.well this game is okay but next time dont ever ever EVER EVER MAKE SPYRO OR CRASH FOR GAME GOY ADVANCE AGAIN!
3	B00005NCCA	My daughter loves this game. The Game Boy Advance is to small for my eyes to see therefore, the game and the system is good  for a younger person. Thank you.
3	B00005NCCA	I own all the PS Spyro games, so when it came out on GBA - I had to buy it.The graphics are great with vivid color. It's fun trying out the next board just to see how inventive the graphics will be. I also enjoy the addition of being able to flame all the pumpkins, flowers, etc., that hold the hidden fairy on each board. It's easier to attain extra lives too, so that you can build up your supply before trying to complete that hard board.Cons:***Spyro is a little harder to control on the GBA(but you soon get use to it)***I still find it a little aggravating not being able to see very far in front of Spryo (even when you use your view button)***Some boards have constanting jumping from one thing to the next, I prefer to be able to walk around and explore more. (of course this may not be bothersome to most)Overall it is FUN game to play with lots of play time (in other words, you won't finish the game in two weeks and be bored with it). If you haven't tried Spryo now is the time to try. FLAME ON!
3	B00005NCCA	works and plays well. came in great condition. Did not come with cover buts that's ok sense the game works great.
3	B00005NCCA	Not the best game I've played, but not the worst. As the other Spyro games, it has many levels and challenges and takes a LOT of patience.
3	B00005NCCA	well i love it and my son does also  cause it is very addictive and i would recommend it to anyone it is challenging and i stilll havent beat it but the levels are hard but keep you trying and keep you entertained
3	B00005NCCI	Ok,wasn't what I was expecting,but I bought it any how.It's ok and has a good story line.I love the music to it!It's pretty good music at least.The graphics are good, but not perfect.You can finally be Coco at least on the places that do with Hong Kong(she loves Hong Kong).Crash is the main charter and does pretty well of it too.I like the elementals.These are face masks that control a certent element.Since I'm telling you a lot I might as well tell you what it is about.It all starts with Dr.Cortex making a plan.He decides to awaken the elementals.Which now Crash and Coco must find a some of 5 purple crystals and beat Crunch(another bandicoot)to send the face masks back to where they came from.The elementals will be listed below.Rok-Ko:mask of EarthWa-Wa:mask of WaterLo-Lo:mask of WindPy-Ro:mask of FireYou get a set of different vehicles which include the following below:FireflyGlider/Space FighterCopter-PakJeepCoco's Scooter/SnowboardSubandMechThey're all pretty cool looking and they all have good qualifacations,but most of them are not fast.At all.But this is depending on your dision.So, if you like games like this you should buy it.But I warn you, if you're not patient you shouldn't buy it.It takes a minute to load and sometimes longer.And most of the time it's hard to figure out how to make it save and load.If you're not sure here's a tip,go up to the save load thing until you can't go any further,don't jump or you'll mess things up,so once your there press x then you can save and load. Hope I'm helpful.
3	B00005NCCI	This is the second Crash game I've ever owned and my second favorite in the series after Warped! I absolutely love this game and how it stays true to the old classic Crash Bandicoot games.As explained in my Warped review Crash Bandicoot is a platformer game series dating back to the PS1 days (definately a 90's mascot). Its also got a place in my heart as one of the first PS1 games I ever played as well as one of the hardest game franchises I ever played. I think it might have been one of the first games to come out on the PS1 period. The first game involved you playing a mutated Bandicoot that escaped the lab of the evil genious Dr. Neo Cortex. Saddly his girlfriend Tawnya wasn't so lucky so you have to travel through many hard as hell levels to rescue her. I never actually finished the first game, because theres one castle level near the end I just got stuck on (them damn bats!!XD). I want to play it again some day though and finally beat that level! One thing I remember fondly is the game had great level designs and actually looked pretty good for its time. It was fun, challenging, funny, and it never got old.In Wrath of Cortex Uka Uka, the evil brother of the witch doctor mask Aku Aku, releases five elemental mask that set out to destroy the world with the help of Cortex's new super weapon Crunch Bandicoot who is powered by the mask during boss battles. Crash has to find crystals and put the elementals as well as Crunch in thier place.All Crash games up to Warped were developed by Naughty Dog, the first to be exact. Wrath of Cortex has the same publishers, but is developed by Travellers Tales (pretty decent games) who I think did a really good job in making this game. It really catches the fun of the early games. For one the gameplay is spot on! Everything works the way thier supposed to. A matter of fact, I can't recall ever having problems with control in Crash games. When jumping you always have to build up momentum, expecially when platforms are far away, plus you sometimes had to calculate how far something is to survive jumps which added to the challenge expecially on side-scrolling levels. The music is wonderful! Its not my favorite video game soundtrack but its decent and nice to listen to.When it comes to choosing levels Wrath of Cortex can be compared to Warped in this regard. You go through 5 levels than face a boss. Every level is unique and in some you actually play as Crashes sister Cocoa. I don't mean riding that tiger, you actually platform as her. I found these levels very fun, but its much easier to get hit by enemies and die as her. Luckily these levels are very few. Theres also flying levels which I confess I don't really like that much. Im happy they didn't put many racing levels in this one like WarpedXD The race levels are a big improovement over the ones in Warped. Out of all the games I think this one has the most unique Boss battles. While in the other games you often took on the boss head on by avoiding attacks than getting close to attack, in this one you actually have to avoid touching most bosses period. For instance in one boss battle you have to run from the boss and jump in a suit that you use to spray water on him, while avoiding deadly lava rocks that he throws at you. You definately need Aku Aku for this battleXD The secret Gems, crystals, and Relics from Warped are also back as well. Collect all the relics and you unlock the secret levels. Harder than it sounds for those who never played Crash at all.I have to admit though. None of the Crash games I've played so far can match the difficulty of the first game. I can't say anything about the second game (never owned it), but I can say that what makes Wrath of Cortex as well as Warped easier is how convenient extra lives are. Trust me. I can guarantee you that by world 2 you'll have almost over 50 lives. That doesn't keep the game from being hair pulling later on though. I was kind of disappointed with the death animations in this one. In Warped the death animations when hit by different obstacles and traps range from "wtf" to just plain hillarious. In this one thier pretty much "meh". That doesn't stop the game from having funny moments though, like how our enemies will talk to us in the level select area and before load screens. Speaking of Load screens this one has the longest I've ever experienced in the series. Still its nothing compared to loading screens I've faced in games outside the series (coughEnter TheDragonFlycough).Crash Wrath of Cortex is a must have for fans of the series and of platformers. I know reviewers were mixed on this game due to how similar it is to its predesescors, but that doesn't stop WOC from being what the first 3 games are famous for. Just being plain old fashioned fun and entertaining, like video games are supposed to be. Don't hesitate to buy this.
3	B00005NCCI	Crash Bandicoot is a fun game!  I've been playing it since the original one first came out.  With the latest release, the graphics and sound are amazing.  The only downside to this game is the loading time.  But, it's still worth owning.
3	B00005NCCI	this isnt the same old crash!!!!!!!!!!!what is konami doing with crash??????????im very sad to rate a crash bandicoot game 4 stars but i would rate it 3. it isnt the same controllers but if you are a big fan of crash like me you would notice the differences!!!!!!!!!!!ONLY BUY IT IF YOU ARE A BIG FAN OF CRASH...im very disapointed with the transfer of crash to konami...
3	B00005NCCI	Wow this new Crash game blows the first three out of the water a great story with fun levels the difficulty has gone up a bit so just getting all 25 crystals could take you awhile another plus is Coco is now fully playable outside of her vehchiles speaking of vehichles there are a lot of um ranging from a dragon fly to a jeep to a robot to a ball the list goes on you'll also spend a lot of time getting all the diamonds and platinum relics and it is pretty tough for some of um overall this game is a must have especially sinces its 20 bucks on any system the graphics story and everything else has improved pick it up today
3	B00005NCCI	Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex is a great game to play on the game system calls PLAYSTATION 2 ( PS2 )I give it 5 STARS &quot;&quot;High Recommneded&quot;&quot; to buy this game call Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex
3	B00005NCCI	this game was very fun and addicting but the problem was that the loading screen seemed like it took forever.  This was a very good sequel for the crash series, i am not the hard-core vid game player but this was cool
3	B00005NCCI	I loved all the other great crash bandicoot games and got this one and wanted my money back. The lowding takes forever, the bosses are extremly hard, the graphics are still O.K. but this game doesn't have the sprake of ecsitement the other 4 had.
3	B00005NCCI	I have been following the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy since the very first game on the first PlayStation. Most of the games are pretty good and fun. "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex" was one of the best of the "Crash" games for sure. There aren't many changes in this game from the previous(adventure) games of Crash, except better graphics, moves, and a way better storyline. This game and "Crash Bandicoot 3: WARPED" are the 2 best games of Crash Bandicoot, neck and neck. "Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back" is the 2nd best of the games and then after that is the 3rd best game, "Crash Bandicoot", the very first one. "Crash Team Racing" was okay, for a racing game, but "Crash Bash" was definitely the worst of them all!! The only major complaint I have about this game is the loading time. I mean damn, what was up with that?! It literally took like a minute and a half for that game to load up every time you beat, leave, or quit from a level! It made the loading time for "Medal of Honor" seem short in comparison!Still, the game is very cool, and what I definitely love most about it is when Crash Bandicoot gets to pilot those two mechs( the red fire-proof one with the water cannon and the yellow one with the fruit cannon).When I heard that Crash Bandicoot gets to pilot a "giant" mech, I was overjoyed, but that changed a little bit when I saw just how "gigantic" the mech really was. I was hoping I would be like the size of those big mechs from "Gundam Wing" or something, but either way, the mech is really cool. Also that thing with Crunch the Super-Bandicoot merging with the Elementals to become more powerful was really cool. I would of given this game 3 and a half stars if I could(mostly because of the loading time), but instead I gave it 4 stars since it's too good to be given a 3. Plus, I love Crash too much to put him down like that.
3	B00005NCCI	Yes crash is back and is kicking [behind] with new gadgets. thestory dosen't continue from the other crash games it's like none of that stuff has happened and Cortex is just starting to fight crash. the reason for that would probably be because naughty dog didn't work on this one. The graphics aren't as good as they could have been. Besides all that it is still a fun game to play.
3	B00005NCCI	This is a pretty fun game. It was the playstation standard, y'know? I really wish I could love this game. I really WANTEd to love this game. But I want something more. I've been playing Sly Cooper and Ratchet &amp; Clank and have been spoiled. Those games push the envelope!The vehicles are cool, though.
3	B00005NCCI	This game have a good story line.The graphic is good.The sound and music are good.The game play is the same from the other game (for the Playstation version).This Crash game is very fun and give some time a good challenge.
3	B00005NCCI	Before I purchased my Playstation 2, I absoulutley LOVED the Crash Bandicoot serires on the origianl Playstation. Then again, my favorite types of games are mainly Platformers. But after buying this title, all I have to say is that the magic of these games will never die...just improve!Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex truly is just like every other Crash game. It's worlds are colorful, it's enemys are classic, and the variety of each new game increases with new abilitys and vehicles. I felt like I was 9 again, (I'm 13,) when I played this game, feeling like everything was just phonomenal!The only set-back for this classic sequel is the loading screens. Sure, they're cute and make you chuckle the first couple of times, but it just gets aggrivating to watch this screen for a minute and a half every tome you enter and leave a level.But dispite this annoying "addition," the same creative and adventourous spark that captivated PS1 gamers in the 90's, including myself, still remains on this Crash Title.If Crash Bandicoot is what you like, get this game!The same bandicoot.The same villians.A whole new classic!The Bandicoot is still the best!
3	B00005NCCI	Crash is back once again!!! I have been a big fan of crash since the first crash way back in 1891, or whenever it was. What is with the loading time?? The time it takes to load in between levels is unbelievable; in the time it takes to load you can hit the bathroom and make a sandwich!! Besides that the latest installment of crash is a continuing improvement from one to the next. These games, including Crash Team Racing, are a blast to play and if you are a fan of any of the Crash series games you will love this one too! Why wait, go pick it up!
3	B00005NCCI	Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex is a ok game. The only reason im not giving it 4 or 5 stars is because it takes very long to load. By the time it loads i dont feel like playing it any more. I cant even get past the 4 level. Its hard, fustrating and kind of boring. If you are a real Crash Bandicoot fan you might like it.
3	B00005NCCI	As all, these seem to carry on from the last! I thought the psone version was excellent and still i could just keep on completing it now and again and get it done within an hour. Now i have a ps2, i normally get the ps2 version that come out. Crash bandicoot on psone is the only game now i can buy on psone becuse it's so much fun and the graphics are amazin. I recently bought twinsanity, that is brill and if you are looking for an adventure type, thats definitely your game. That isn't through doors like the others, its on an island in the open so its changed on the last one. After enjoying each and every one of the crash bandicoot games, there was defintely a reason for buying this because i am a huge fan of these games. I heard so many good reviews aswell on this game so i got so dying to buy it. Still through doors, not in the open but brill graphics, and great levels. Although the games have not improved as they go along, all are worth buying as you get hours of fun out of these.
3	B00005NCCI	Crash bandicoot the wrath of cortex is in no way a copy of warped as the previous 3 crash games it improves each time from the original with nice graphics for its time kinda repetative levels still fun REALLY hard though crash 2 major improvement the warp room is convenient graphics improved a bit too levels got a little easier and less repetetive more bosses old and new good deal of improvment from the first crash 3 awesome this game has the most graphic improvement from the last 2 levels and story line are deeper and even less repetative levels overall the best of the 3 playstation releases not including ctr and bash they are a different style of gamesBut this games THIS game same format as the first 3 yes But this game PERFECTS!!! the bandicoot seires Graphics SUBSTANTIALY Improved! BEFORE ITS TIME this games graphics are so realistic the lighting the shades and minimum fuzziness like the resolution and or clarity of the game is amazing! but besides that the colors are so realistic ok ok moving back into the rest of it the levels are MINIMAL repeats and for those of you who say its a clone of warped WRONG! there are new levels and enviroments such as ice level types brought back from crash 2 rolling ball level NEW! undersea levels brought back BUT improved and changed water looks so real!! and this game is 2001 original release dont listen to amazon i won this game 2001 black labe release anyway the water level has a sub instead of special scuba suit new traps in these water levels two new island volcano level awesome those are just a few allthough its the same base boss every time he transforms each time not going to spoil it anyway this game is ahead of its time i say the graphics compare to a ps3 games allthough all of you would dissagree you HAVE to get this game wheather your a new crash player or a comeback this game is a must have you will love it. In any case heres an overveiw of all the improvments it had since the first and original crashbandicoot!1 Graphics that show what the ps2 is capable of! very clear resolution and not at all blocky2 All new levels including the rolling hampster ball levels the stink fly level and cocos rocket level!!!!3 For the first time in this original platformer style style of crash bandicoot games (because you can play as coco in crash bash for ps1 but thats more a ) Play as coco in a variety of levels!!!!!4 The same charachters are all brought back including NGin tiny tiger of course cortex crash aku aku and uka uka! all new elemental mask charachters and the evil super bandicoot crunch !5 a stinkfly a jeep and a robot suit that blasts whompa fruit and cool off spray! the whompa bazooka is back from crash 3 too!6 boss levels are the most exiting i have ever seen7 underwater levels were greatly improved I hated crash 3 water levels but with the awesome graphics and a sub who can complain!!Overall crash 4 Aka wrath of cortex is in no way a clone of crash 3 even though it was made by another company then naughty dog it is creative (I mean honestly have you ever had a boss battle where you have to roll around in a hampster ball and hit flaming rocks and avoid a boiling rolling rock ball) and has amazing gamplay quality that crash games are known for (this game seriously has the most creative and epic boss battles I've ever seen in any game!)unlike every crash game after that ditch the crash style platform game like twinsanity or mind over mutant those fools dont even know how to draw crash !! (Or in gaming terms I guess it would be design construct from polygons and then add textures)PS Those of you who say it takes over a minute to load a level and even more to get back to the warp room heres a little suprise From the second the warp room screen starts not evenTo load a level 23 secondsto load the warp room 18 secondsAnd Roughly 14 seconds to enter one of the most immpressive boss battles I've ever seen Atmospheric Pressure and anywhere from 14-18 seconds for most boss battlesYou cant afford to waste 23 seconds of your time can you?
3	B00005NCCI	The loading times dont take long to me.every one lied the loading times only take 20 seconds.every one wrote blah blah blah the loading times take forever.well they dont trust me they dont.anyway what happens in this game uka uka is mad at cortex the rest of the evil gang.but cortex comes up with an evil plan and its up to crash to save the day.the chacatars in this game are crash,coco,aku aku,pura,cortex,uka uka,n.gin,n.tropy,crunch,tiny tiger,dingodile,the elamentals masks called rok-ko,wa-wa,py-ro,and lo-lo.the only bosses in this game are crunch the elamentals masks.there are five warp rooms.the levels are really cool there are levels about riding a jeep,being chased by a dragon,controling a robot,controling a submraine,coco being chased by water,rolling in ball,and lots of other cool levels.BUY THIS GAME IT IS FUN!
3	B00005NCCI	..I can't help but wonder if the developers remembered that they were designing a game for the PS2 and not the PS1. For better or for worse, this Crash, for the most part, looks just like every other Crash. But as for the game..It's really cool - the graphics are outstanding (but, for the most part, they always HAVE been, even on the old PS1) and for Coco fans, it's nice to be able to do more than walk in a straight line and jump with her character.There are a number of worlds - for most, getting the purple crystal is easy.. I finished about 15 of them in the first 6 hours I played. The "bonus" areas (where you go for boxes and extra lives) have gotten way harder.. which is nice. Takes a bit of strategy and timing, whereas with the older games it was just an easy way to get extra lives.  Depends on how you look at it, I guess, but I see this as an improvement.Haven't started doing any of the time trials, but I can only imagine they're going to be tougher than previous Crash games.As for variations between Naughty Dog and the new developer? If there hadn't been such a big deal about the changing of companies, I never would have known any different. This Crash looks exactly like the older ones, but with better graphics (save for the intro movie scene..)If you love Crash, get it!
3	B00005NCCI	I played the first four levels of this game (on a rental, thank goodness -- at least I didn't buy it), and I spent more time watching the loading screen than actually playing. At least, that's how it felt.I agree with the other reviewer who said he's a big fan of Crash, and it was hard giving the bandicoot only two stars. Other than the horrendous load times, the game is pretty good -- the level design is innovative, the graphics are nice, and Crash, Coco and Dr. Cortex are all in fine form. But the load times ruined it for me.This was the first game I ever played on my brand-new PS2, just bought today. I hope PS2 games don't usually have such obnoxious load times.
3	B00005NCCI	Wow!  Is this a cute game.  So colorful, so fun.  I love everything about it except the loading time is endless.  Oh well, I guess we can't have everything.  Even when it's loading, however, it has a colorful, moving graphic screen of the Bandicoot falling in space with his ridiculous nose bouncing in time with the music.  I would  buy this game again.
3	B00005NCCI	Since everyone here has already griped about the long load times for the game, which are annoying by the way, i will focus my review on the actual game.  The game is great for PS2, crash looks sharper than ever on the PS2.  But is it really worth it, if you havent played the regular playstation versions?  The answer is probably not.  Its still running straight forward or vice versa, and the levels are richly textured and have alot of fun things to do in them.  But since all of the Crashes for the PSX go for less than 15 bux now, i suggest saving your money and playing them first.  They are just as good, not graphics wise, but gameplay and level wise.  Yet if you are a fan of the series this is not one to be missed.  If you want a platformer for your PS2, Jak And Daxter is the obvious superior choice- theres no comparison... but if you need another one, this game is actually pretty good!
3	B00005NCCI	First off, I would've given the game 5 stars if Loading times weren't awful. But they are. You will wait before and after levels, possibly 50 seconds. It doesn't sound much, but when you are just sitting there, it is. If you have a 6-yr-old, I highly recommend passing on this one. Instead, go with Crash Bandicoot: Warped for Playstation (works on PS2, if you didn't know).Beyond the awful loading times, it is the same Crash Bandicoot. Cortex is back yet again, and this time he is trying to get rid of Crash for good (yeah, right...). Same basic cast of characters, including Cortex, Aku-Aku, N. Gin, Crash, Coco, Uka-Uka, etc.The first thing you have to do is get all 25 crystals (sounds familiar?). Every five levels will have a boss (sounds familiar?). After beating the last boss, you'll need to get all the relics (sounds familiar?) and gems (sounds familiar?). And, of course, there are secret levels. Well, you get the picture.In fact, the game is SO alike Warped, that they have the same sound effects (i.e. the little chime when you get the crystal). However, the musical score is noticeably lacking, with no real beat like the previous Crash. This isn't an obvious shortcoming, but experienced gamers will notice. Graphically, it looks a little different. Crash seems more awkward and bulky, which takes some getting used to. I didn't notice a huge graphic improvement over the previous game. In fact, I like some of the graphics in the previous game better.Now, you have to decide if the same exact thing as the previous Crash is a good thing. I think it is, being a huge fan of Crash Bandicoot: Warped. Think of it as an expansion pack to the previous Crash. I enjoyed it, and it is a MUST have for Crash Bandicoot: Warped fans. No questions about it. In fact, if you haven't gotted Crash Bandicoot: Warped already, it is a bargain now and grab it. In fact, buy both.
3	B00005NCCI	This is a great addition to the other Crash Bandicoot Playstation games! My daughter (age 9) loves the game and so do I. We just bought a PS2 and this was the first game we purchased. It has great graphics, levels are great, it's an all around good game! Just shop around on the prices. We say it at a national store for one price and then at another national store for less money so it's best to shop around before spending a ton of money on this or any other PS2 game! Amazon has a great price for this game!!  Much less than the first national store!!  So if you want to wait for shipping your best bet is Amazon.com, but since my daughter wanted it right there and then, we just purchased it.  Definately shop around!If you find a great deal on the game, I would highly recommend you purchase it and enjoy the fun!
3	B00005NCCI	Hello.Crash bandicoot wrath of cortex is the 6 crash game and is available for ps2 xbox and gamecube for the first time ever.it's not that good as crash bandicoot 2 and warped but still it is good.i have this game for both gamecube and ps2.The only problem with this game is the loading time come on it take's 2 minutes 2 load a level or you're load game.Another thing is that. It's allways the same boss Crunch!anyways i say that rent the game first and think twise before buying the game.
3	B00005NCCI	This game has AWESOME graphics, but could have been more entertaining. If you get aggrivated easy, I'd probably rent it first. It is a really fun game though. I'd recommend it to other Crash fans. If you have never played any Crash Bandicoot games, I'd recommend the 3rd one (warped).
3	B00005NCCI	A game with mediocre graphics, simple gameplay and long load times isn't very exciting.  An that is exactly what this is.  Obviously Sony saw this as well and sold Crash to Konami, who produced it on Xbox and Gamecube
3	B00005NCCR	This is the sort of game that should have been done ages ago. We are finally getting to see some of what the PS2 is capable of and not just seeing ps1 level games updated.This game is captivating, the graphics are amazing and moody, the story although not really new is alot of fun. The game is just very very cool.Even the music is pretty good and adds to the feel and atmosphere of the game. I highly recommend this game. It is well worth the money.
3	B00005NCCR	This is one of the truly best games for the system.  It is a lot of fun to slash and hack at monsters in a game and this one is just about the top of the heap when it comes to this.  Also appreciated are the amazing visuals, excellent character control and decent storyline.  Best of all for me was the fact that the game is not too frustrating.  Easy mode is fun to play through and doesnt have too many of the wandering around wondering what to do next moments of Resident Evil.  After you finish this mode you can go back and go through in hard mode with ramped up monsters etc.  Overall it is a fast paced thrill ride, definitely worth your dollars or at least an extended rental.  A word of caution, it is a very violent game so it is not for everyone.  Still for those mature enough to not be scarred by a story about a half man/half demon this game will hit the spot.  It is a single player adventure.
3	B00005NCCR	This was a great game by Capcom it was like God of War except you play as Dante and kill devils. This had a great story and I liked the upgrades too I got it on 19 Friday July and clocked it in 3 days. Highly recommended.
3	B00005NCCR	This is perhaps one of the best beat-em-ups that the PS2 has to offer.  In some ways, that's saying a lot (the controls are responsive and decently tailored to the environments, the combos are relatively interesting, and there is decent weapon variety) and not that much.Honestly, this game is all about hack and slash and kill the monsters; it doesn't pretend to be otherwise.  There is little plot to speak of, but the monsters have interesting designs and the attacks based on what weapons you have equipped are quite amusing.Where DMC really falls down is the camera.  I was tearing out my hair most of the time because, even though a camera angle may be good for being cinematic, it probably STINKS for gameplay.  That and some overly annoying boss-battles and supremely difficult &quot;secret missions&quot; make it a bit less than perfect.Don't get me wrong, though, it's still wonderful if all you want is some good ol' fashioned carnage on the PS2. :)
3	B00005NCCR	This game is one of the best games on PS2. It has top notch graphics, top notch sound.  The only complaint i have is that the music sometimes drowns out the talking during cut scences. Other than that, this game totally kicks [butt]Dante is the son of a demon, that stopped Mundus trying to take over the world (or something like that). But, Mundus is freed and its up to Dante to go to the demon world and try to stop Mundus.  Very cool game!  Worth playing at least once!
3	B00005NCCR	"Devil May Cry" is by far one of the best games to arrive on the Playstation 2. The story has you playing as a young man named Dante a mercenary that is actually half human/half demon. He longs for revenge against the demons that killed his mother and brother ten years ago. Now with the aid of a young woman named Trish he is urged to go to Malay Island where the kinf og the underworld Mundis is attempting to break free of the bonds Dante's father, the legendary dark knight sparda placed on him. Now the game graphically is excellent bring a constant 60fps. The controls are easy and allow any one to pull of combinations that would only be seen in movies such as "The Matrix" or "Croutching Tiger Hidden Dragon". Thankfully Capcom did allow the use of the analog stick so that also makes controlling the character a lot easier. The combat system is beyond fun especially using the various swords on your enemies, when I got the last sword I felt like I was the main character from the movie "Vampire Hunter D:BloodLust". The atmosphere and music create a wonderful gothic experiance and the level designs are simply incredible. The voice overs are very good as well, wow who would have thought capcom could get that right, especially on Dante. The game has the feel of a mix between a gothic anime and a high powered action film. Yet this game does contain a considerable amount of blood and violence(such as the various scenes where your character is impaled on a sword!) and the Mature rating is well earned. For those who are looking for the best in dark fantasy and action look no further and yes this one is worth the money ^_^
3	B00005NCCR	Most survival-horror fans will or have to agree on one thing: survival-horror can be slow! Take the two kings of the genre, "Resident Evil" and "Silent Hill". Both work tirelessly to build up atmosphere, and while battling monsters can turn up the speed a little, these games are meant to scare people through psychological manipulation, whether it's cheap scare-tactics ("Resident Evil") or eerie surroundings ("Silent Hill"). Is there a game that involves the supernatural but also has a much-needed sense of action and speed? Thankfully, there is, and it is called "Devil May Cry".Don't get me wrong; probably the last thing "Devil May Cry" wants to do is scare the player. On the contrary, what this game demands the player do is take an arsenal of melee and long-range weapons and beat the living hell out of...well, Hell. And if this sounds intriguing, you can't be further from the truth. It's not intriguing; it's enticing!You play Dante, a half-human, half-demon who gets a kick out of life by hunting demons. One day, a mysterious woman called Trish crashes into his life - and through his front door - and asks for his help in defeating the Underworld. Yes, the Underworld. Forget single, lone-wolf demons; Dante will take on all of Hell by himself. But is Dante scared? Hell, no! He's ready to kick major demon-backside and demand an encore just for a laugh!The gameplay of "Devil May Cry" plays like a typical 2D platformer brought into the 3D world. Moving Dante is as simple as pushing the left analog stick in the desired direction. Granted, the game has "cinematic camera angles" that change suddenly when Dante moves into a certain spot, and this can cause a player to wonder which direction he's facing. Thankfully, in the heat of a battle, Dante locks onto the nearest opponent, so he's not at a disadvantage, although shooting an enemy off-camera can take some getting used to.Speaking of shooting, Dante's attack set-up is flawless. The demon-hunter can use either a sword or guns, and interchanging between weapons is as simple as pressing a different face button. And the game also has the added feature of rating your attacks. Perform simple shoot-outs or boring sword slashes and you get a "Dull" rating. Perform cooler tricks, like slashing an enemy into the air and keeping him there by constantly firing your guns, and your attacks are rated higher, the highest being "Stylish". And higher ratings mean the enemy leaves behind more orbs, which can increase health or be used to buy cooler attacks and tricks.There are also several modes in the game. The easiest is when the game performs the stylish tricks for you, which is a great option for beginners in the game. More advanced players will want to choose the mode where they do the tricks themselves. Add to this several difficulty settings, and "Devil May Cry" can make you cry if you aren't careful.Storywise, don't expect an Academy Award nomination here. The story is cheesy, and the voice-overs are even cheesier. Don't believe me? Try and not wince when Dante utters "Let's rock, baby" during the brief sequence before the start menu. Thankfully, the voice acting is acceptable, and it actually gives the game that B-movie tinge. Luckily, this B-movie has some good special effects.Graphically, you'll be hard-pressed to find a lot of PS2 games better-looking than "Devil May Cry". The environments are some of the most detailed ever seen in gaming. Unlike "Silent Hill 2", the colors aren't drab or gloomy to set a creepy atmosphere; they're vibrant and eye-pleasing yet dark and moody at the same time. The architecture is enough to render the setting of the game as a work of art, and the characters and enemies seem like living, breathing entities. The only con is a slight problem with jaggies, which is found persistently in many PS2 games, but thankfully they're not an eye-sore and are easily overlooked.Soundwise, the soundtrack is a mixture of dark, depressing downbeats and furious hard rock instrumentals. The slow, moody downbeats are played when Dante is searching the castle, but when he runs into enemies, cue the gothic hard rock! Overall, the music does fit the nature of the game pretty well, although it's sometimes used to an extent that a player can't hear the cheesy dialogue of characters as well as they'd like to.Overall, "Devil May Cry" is a fast-paced, pure-action gorefest that is not to be missed by any action fan. Some might argue that the game is a little short, but most people might not even realize this until they're halfway through the game on the highest difficulty level. But be warned: "Devil May Cry" is a mature game, and although it doesn't live up to its M-rating like "Twisted Metal: Black" or "Grand Theft Auto III", it is still mature enough to warrant caution to parents and anyone who can't stand R-rated movies. But with that said, "Devil May Cry" is undoubtedly one of the Playstation2's must-have titles.Trust me, you've have a devil of a good time!
3	B00005NCCR	What a great game.  The only downside to this game was that I finished it fairly quickly.  If you like first person games where you have to go on 'missions', then this game is for you.  Other than that, the game was amazing.  It could have been a bit brighter though.
3	B00005NCCR	It wasn't until recently that I put Devil May Cry on my list of "games to get."  It had been getting such rave reviews from Gamepro to other (...) reviewers.  I really was more interested in getting Silent Hill 2 and Soul Reaver 2, but since Soul Reaver 2 won't be out until next month I wanted to get Devil May Cry.And boy am I glad that I did.  I have read someone describe this game as kind of a cross between Castlevania and Resident Evil and I would have to say I agree with that.  It's got a Castlevania feel to it which I say is a great thing.  But don't get me wrong, this game is by no means Castlevania, but it might be just as fun as any game in the Castlevania series (yes even Symphony of the Night).The graphics as said by others are incredible.  But that alone does not a game make.  The fluid game play, great controls, wonderful environments make for a great gaming experience.The game itself is broken up into missions, but that does not mean that your freedom is limited.  Even though it has distinct separate missions you still have the freedom to go back to older areas.  Just because it&#8217;s a mission doesn&#8217;t lock you into going that way only.  Now sometimes you won&#8217;t be able to go back, because some area might have gotten blocked off, but it&#8217;s okay, you will probably want to see what they have ahead for you anyways.Prepare for time to disappear once playing this game.  You get so engrossed into it you are not so eager to turn it off, which I find wonderful, because I know that I am having so much fun that I don&#8217;t want to stop.  I find nothing tedious about the game and even restarting isn&#8217;t a bad thing, because you want to better your ranking (each level grades you on how you did) and collect more red orbs (money to buy power ups).All in all I would say this is one of the most fun gaming experiences I have had in a while.  It&#8217;s a game that that will entertain you and amaze you at the same time.  And even though I like Silent Hill 2 a whole lot, I would have to say that this game is actually more fun to play.  Hope I was some help to someone, take care and keep on gaming.
3	B00005NCCR	I just wanna say that this game rocks.  It's easily one of the best looking games on the market right now and to top that, it's just flat-out fun to play.  It does have a few flaws, the story is a tired cliche and it's a little short.  The length of the game is excusable because of the sheer replay value.  There's plenty of that.  Playing through this game once is not enough and that's an understatement.  You are ranked for your performance on every mission and going back and exploring what you missed before really makes the game a good buy.  IF you're thinking of plunking down your $... on this, and you haven't played it yet, it's definitely a safe buy.The graphics, alone, are worth the money, but this one has the gameplay to back them up.
3	B00005NCCR	IT's a bit too late to review this game but for those who haven't played this game. One thing to say . Buy it right now ! graphics, moves , weapons, gameplays etc.. everything in this game is perfect ! you can do anything you want unlike silent hill or resident evil that the moves are very very unlively .Surely , you can't wait to play Devil may cry 2 ...... I cried for this game too.  excellent !
3	B00005NCCR	The graphics in this are 1 of PS2 best and so is the gameplay. There're great moves to kill all those enemies and there's an easy setting where you can push 2 buttons and do moves automaticly instead of the manual way on normal and hard.
3	B00005NCCR	I really can't belive how old this game is already.And I still play it.Incredible graphics.Spot on control.Amazing weapons and combat.A lot of people have complained that the fun of 2D games has never really translated well to the 3D plane.This game proves them wrong.It's as tough as any 2D platformer from the past.Just as fast, frenetic and just as much fun.The game is long enough if you really want to try and get an "A" on every level.Ten years later, I don't think I've done it yet lol.My only complaint is the camera gets a little wonky in certain areas but otherwise...Devil May Cry is a top notch game worthy of your play time.Recommended.
3	B00005NCCR	Wow what an amazing game. Don't hesitate to add it to your collection. From the makers of the Resident Evil genre the graphics are mind blowing and the game play almost seamless. Unlike RE the views move much smoother and when the screen changes your movement is unimpeded unlike the other series made by the same makers; very nicely corrected. The movement is second only to the gothic setting and dark atmosphere provided and the story is very effective in selling the desired mood. I would have paid more for this game than I did, especially after I played it. Not quite as mentally challenging as the Resident Evil Series, the game path is pretty laid out but the action more than makes up for this. Have no fears and and hurry home after you purchase it you won't regret it.UPDATE 12-10-01Ok I finally beat the Normal Mode, this is no easy feat either- I do have a full time job and unfortunately don't spend all my time with my PS2.  The suprise is this - a HARD MODE. I can't believe it; I don't even know how to start.  I would love to hear from somebody that has beaten this mode.  You do get all the items you acquired from the Normal mode but I don't think it will be enough to get you through this nightmare mode.  Just when I thought I could put it on the shelf and say I was the man - Damn there goes at least 10 hours of my time just to get half way through.  Hope you aren't too intimidated by this update.  If challenge is what you are looking for then this is your title to buy.  Hope you have the time to see it through.  I would give you more details on the Hard Level but it ruins the suprises.  No enemies are where they used to be so try not to cry cause Devils Never Cry.
3	B00005NCCR	While i enjoyed this game for the short time i played it, it is not the 'masterpiece' that many think it is.The pros:The gameplay and graphics are superb. Plus, the main character Dante sets off an aura of 'coolness' not seen in video games in a long time. Dante just stands out as an important character.The cons:The gameplay gets old. There are no puzzles in this game like some people are stating. You see a statue and it says 'it looks like there are three holes to put something.' Then you go to the next door and there is a giant glowing item on a pedestal. You examine it and it is a 'trident.' I hardly call that puzzple solving...Also the enemies get very tedious and repetitive. You fight the same enemies in every mission and they respawn when you reenter rooms, which really stinks. And whats with fighting the same 3 bosses 5 times each?And finally the game is just way too short. I beat the game in around 5 hours my first play through, without a guide or anything. 5 hours!Good thing i didnt pay the full price of a new game...All in all this game was pretty enjoyable in its 5 hours of gameplay but i liked this game, not loved it.Still, for the low price this game can be got for, you cant go wrong. There are worse games out there than Devil May Cry.3.5 out of 5
3	B00005NCCR	This is a late review but I wanted to comment on how great this game is. If you love tons of kick a$$ action, fighting monsters with cool sword combos, combo style points, and beautiful artistic graphics then you'll love this. At first I found this game very difficult, but once I got comfortable with the control of Dante I began to actually look forward to more enemies. The more the better. The moody, evil atmosphere that permeated the entire game was perfect, and resembled the same moody, evil atmosphere in my apartment when my girlfriend is mad at me for playing Playstation too much. The graphics, are a pleasure to the eyes. I liked the main character Dante and his sarcastic, cynical attitude, especially in the face of boss monsters that barely fit inside your tv set. However, they are no match for the boss monster that is my girlfriend.After beating this game I tried it on "hard" mode, thinking I was all bad now with my complex combo prowess, but I was in for a rude awakewening. It is incredibly difficult and I gave up after a few levels. Still, I enjoyed the challenge and that's where Capcom failed in the sequel. The best part of Devil May Cry was the incredible, but FAIR, challenge. Make it too easy and it's not the same game. (I never went near easy mode and never do on any game, except Return of the King shh).A few complaints: Many have complained about the camera and I agree for the most part. On the one hand I love a cinematic camera as was used here, much of the time effectively. (For the best use of a cinematic camera see Ico). But on one too many occasions, mainly during boss fights, it seems the cameraman was trained at five towns community college and panned away from the central issue: me fighting a boss monster. It happened so many times, the playstation controller was in serious danger of mysteriosly ending up underneath my feet, to be stomped repeatedly into smaller, more fundamental sub-atomic particles.Also, I wasn't too crazy about Dante's voice. It should've been deeper. Other than that, this is one of the most enjoyable and inventive games I've ever played.
3	B00005NCCR	-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-This game is awesome....just all around cool.  This is the current standard by which all 3rd person action/shooters should be judged.  The graphics are beautiful, the characters are flawless...and the combat mode is inspiring!  The game is just pure fun...and I love the boss enemies.  The spider guy was incredible!  This game definately belongs in anyones library who owns a PS2.  Perfect game.This is a must buy!!
3	B00005NCCR	Capcom pulled all the stops for this one. I reveiwed the second game first only because the majority of gamers had already played this one. But for those who haven't you really need to get this game. Devil May Cry redefines action games. First off if you have a weak stomach or a slow reaction time with your hands this games not for you. The controls are so dead on Dante feels like an extension of yourself. The game moves quickly and pulling off combo attacks are easy and a necessity. All enemies provide a moderate to extremely hard fight depnding on who you are up against. Some of the stage enemies could be bosses on other games. The bosses are huge and tough. This game is tough. You get no free ride through this one. The graphics are execellent. Having S-video hook-up really allows you to see the time put into detailing this games graphics. Most gamers have this in their collection already, and if your just getting started I highly recommend this game as a good start up game.
3	B00005NCCR	The visuals and the atmosphere of this game are unbeatable.  But I can't express how difficult some of the bosses are, possibly due to the camera angles that you have no control over.  The sword / gun combo is freaking cool and the story line rocks, but again...the bosses are HARD.  This is another game that I would recommend buying extra controllers for if you are the kind of gamer that takes frustration out on controllers.  Either way, I'd recommend the game simply for the experience and good time you'll have regardless of the ridiculously hard time you'll have with some of the bosses.  Oh and when you die from a boss they restart you way back on the level, which adds to the frustration of the bosses.
3	B00005NCCR	all video games purchased at this time have been great.  The are in good condition and all have been playable.  The grandchildren have been able to play them and enjoy them
3	B00005NCCR	Shinji Mikami, creator of the Resident Evil and Dino Crisis series, has shocked us survival horror fans once again with the new smash hit title, Devil May Cry for the PlayStation 2. In this hot new Capcom title by Shinji Mikami and director Hideki Kamiya, you assume the role as Dante. Half man, half demon. His mother is a human and his father is a legendary demon that was well known for saving various lives in the past. Dante is a demon hunter that will hunt for any demon that threatens humanity, no matter how tough it seems. Many say he's a cocky character, but in truth, he really means what he says and he gets the job done in no time. After all, he does this for a living. And the coolest thing is, even if he gets stabbed by a giant sword, he will still survive and pull it out and recover in seconds. I don't really know how the story goes since I don't own the game myself. I just went to a local videogame store and played it for a while to understand every aspect to the game. The only thing I didn't get a chance to experiecne, was the story. According to director Hideki Kamiya (as recorded on Electronic Gaming Monthly: Issue 149), Devil May Cry was supposed to be a Resident Evil title, but the game's storyline and gampelay features were totally different from the RE series. So they decided to call it, &quot;Devil May Cry&quot;. A nice move by the director behind the mask. Still, even if it was renamed, its high quality and great potential from the early Resident Evil series will be recognized in this game by Resident Evil veterans worldwide. If some of you gamers out there have already played such survival horror titles like Resident Evil, Dino Crisis, or any type of survival horror available (yes, especially that crappy survival horror game, Carrier), you'll feel right at home with Devil May Cry. But unlike the other survial horror titles where you character moves like a stiff soldier, Devil May Cry has slick character control. You get to move around freely without having to deal with dull manuvering or holding a button just to run. And the coolest aspect to the game is the combat system. You can finally bust out some combos on your enemies, and it's very easy to master if you happen to be a veteran of Capcom's fighting games or if you happen to study some of the moves from the Strategy Guide. Mainly you begin you combo by slashing your opponents with your sword and ending it with a rapid fire from your double guns. A very cool gameplay experience to survival horror fans. And to those of you who have played Konami's popular Dance Dance Revolution series from Japan, you will notice that the grading system in Devil May Cry is very similar to DDR's grading system. For example: if you happen to defeat your enemies at a short time or pass a stage without dying, you will get a high grade like an &quot;A&quot;, &quot;B&quot;, &quot;S&quot;, or an &quot;SS&quot;. If you do poorly, you will get either a humiliating ranking of &quot;C&quot;, &quot;D&quot;, or worse, an &quot;E&quot;. Anyway, lets talk about how the game looks. The graphics are superb and flawless, just like any Capcom survival horror title. The detail on the characters and stages look unbelievalbly jaw-dropping ! The stages are so creepy, so terrifying, you'll want to keep the lights on. And one thing you can say about the special effects...it's absolutely stunning ! When Dante gets surrounded by a purple light, he will run faster than ever, and it looks smoother when he runs at a faster rate. And the best part is, Capcom doesn't have to make a whole lot of sacrifices in animation and speed. Besides, this is the PS2 we're talkin' about. And the PS2 is totally unbeatable when it comes to good games (PS2 may be the best, but wait until the Gamecube comes !) and superior graphics. The greatest parts of the locked doors is that a giant ghost hand is guarding it, and if you get any closer, it will grab you, leaving a fairly short energy loss. The sound is excellent. The battle music totally suits the action very well and it will make you want to bust out a crazy combo to the beat of the track (Sorry ! I'm just crazy about bustin' combos when the battle music plays), including the normal RE-like music that you normally hear when there are no enemies at a certain point. All in all, Capcom's Devil May Cry is extremely hard to pass up. This is a must buy for all survival horror fans who have stuck with Capcom's early survival horror titles. Or if you're totally in need to buy a great action title that will definently heat up your PS2 game library, Devil May Cry will totally amaze you, leaving you in a deep urge to play it over and over again until you had enough !REMINDER TO ALL SURVIVAL HORROR FANS: If you think Devil May Cry is the best darn survival horror title to ever grace the PS2 system, Shinji Mikami will be re-creating Resident Evil for Nintendo's revolutionary Gamecube system with unsurpassed 3D graphics and improved control mechanics. In fact, all of the Resident Evil titles ever made, will come to the Gamecube. So what I suggest to all of you guys, is to buy a Gamecube, if you want to see all of the Resident Evil titles fully improved and enhanced. And hey ! Let's not forget about the long awaited Resident Evil 4. That one's comin' to the Cube as well !
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is a true gem in the PS2 library and deserves to be played.The Good: Beautiful graphics and sound, incredibly fun battle system, challenging levels, mission based gameplay, multiple weapons, able to purchase skills, slick controls, cool characters, unique bosses and puzzles, secret unlockable bonuses.The Bad: Really short, not a whole lot of replay value, annoying underwater levels, predictable storyline, really only worth a rental, some bad camera angles.Devil May Cry is a phenomenal action game, but its hurt by its short length and lack of replay value (multiple endings definitely could've helped.) A must rent and must play for PS2 owners.
3	B00005NCCR	"Devil May Cry" was truly fantastic. This is definitely the best action game I've ever played, it even has more action than the Metal Gear Solid games! Dante is really cool(a hell of a lot cooler than Raiden) and Trish is quite the stunning demoness. This game is like a complete upgrade of the Resident Evil games with better controls, weapons, graphics, enemies, etc. The only thing that the game doesn't have enough of is a story. That takes away one star from its score. If it had more cut-scenes and a better story, then the game would have been PERFECT; it would of even surpassed the Metal Gear Solid games!!Stories are very important to me in video games, without at least a decent story, the game will always have one star or half of a star taken away. Actually, this game deserves 4 and a half stars, cause it's just so damn cool!!! If you like those games like "Resident Evil", "Tomb Raider", or "Onimusha:Warlords" then you'll love this game.Trust me. I've never beaten any Resident Evil games or the Tomb Raider or Onimusha ones, but I know those games are similar to "Devil May Cry". I can't wait until the sequel comes out( hopefully they WILL make a sequel). Please Capcom, make a sequel to this game, it's a true success!!!
3	B00005NCCR	Although short (3-5 hours to finish), this is a great game.  Capcom designed both a good story (although get ready for a little weirdness at the end) and a great control system for this game.  Take on the role of Dante, a half devil, half human, who is hell-bent on keeping the Devil off the Earth.  One of the best features of the game is the ability to turn into a devil for a short time, allowing you to move faster, do more damage, and recover some health.  The graphics are great to top it all off, the FMV sequences and gameplay blend together, which makes the game all the more enjoyable.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is a little like resident evil except has more to do with the underworld than a virus. anyway it's still a great game the controls are a little easier then the resident evil games. the graphics are good, of course, and it's pretty fun there is also this setting at a certain part of the game where it asks you if you would like to set the game to easy auto. you only have one chancer to make the selection. Easy auto pretty much makes the game easier and all your weapons will be automatic.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is the newest edition of the Gotic Horror genreIf you love Onimusha you will be crazy with DEVIL MAY CRYThe game has high points in every game department*Incredible Graphics( you will feel the horror)*Amazing Sound( you will hear every scream and scary sounds of the souls)*The Gameplay is the best of all!! you can go anywhereJump,Double Jumps,roll,combos with your guns and swordBelieve me I have the Final Japanesse Version of the game and the Demo Disc that comes with Resident Evil CV is a candy comparing with the final game that is more difficultThe game is mission based!!!(23 in total) and the replay value is high because you can access new surprises when you finish the game(HARD MODES, SUPER DANTE and MORE)Buy this game NOW!!!
3	B00005NCCR	Yes it's true, the hype surrounding this game hits home. Capcom delivers another classic, another true to form awesome ... game. No doubt about it. Sound, graphics, fluidity, speed, and fun all factor in here and they hit home. People who suck at these games sneer at it but they just end up making an ... of themselves. THis isn't a game for the weak, this is a game for those of talent and perception.The story is simple and the dialogue a bit cheesy, but the real deal is the action. Every boss fight, regular fight or puzzle being solved all equate to massive awesomeness ... you blast, slash, and jump your way through the many levels, sub levels, and collect orbs to upgrade your gear and give you specials. Yes, this game is truly an awesome classic that sets it apart from the other games, way too awesome.
3	B00005NCCR	I must say Devil May Cry has to be one of the best, if not the best, action title on PS2 today.You play Dante who is the son of the legendary demon knight Sparda who once many many years ago fought against the underworld.One day at Dante's work (I guess he's some sort of hired demon hunter I never quite got that for some reason -_-) a woman comes in named Trish, etc etc I don't really want to tell you, but one things leads to another and you end up on an island castle with her and you fight demons.  I dont really need to explain the story, its either you buy this game and love it or dont buy this game and never get to enjoy its awesomeness.I'll go into why it so awesome.  You use a big sword and 2 pistols in the beginning of the game and you can switch between those weapons almost without delay.  You jump up, slash the enemy with your sword then whip out your pistols and blast them in the air. You get different another sword later in the game called Alastor and with that sword you can transform into a demon.  Thats just awesome.I would suggest you run out right now and buy this game.
3	B00005NCCR	It's hard to believe, but the 2000's are coming to a close. Games that were once new and innovative in what seems like days ago are actually quite aged. Like the 90's, there will be games that are regarded as classics, and though time hasn't judged the 2000's yet, I think it's safe to say that DMC, one of the early PS2 games, is one of those.GRAPHICS: Outdated, sure, but they are very fitting for the game's setting, being mostly dark and almost gothic.MUSIC: The fight music consists of rock, while the other tracks are haunting.VOICE: It's okay. Dante sounds pretty cool, despite the whole "I wanted to be the one to fill your dark soul with LIIIIIGGGGHHTTTT!!!" line.STORY: There are not many cutscenes to open up the story very well, but the overall concept is interesting. Dante is a half-demon who hunts other demons. He has made it into a business called "Devil May Cry," and he pursues the demons that took his mother and brother away from him. He is the son of Sparda, a demon that defeated the king of the demon world, Mundus, years ago.One day, a mysterios woman named Trish comes into Dante's office, telling him that Mundus is making a return. So now Dante must stop him, pretty much.GAMEPLAY: The heart and soul of the game. It's a hack-and-slash game combined with a few puzzles. Dante battles many enemies in the game, taking them down with an assortment of weapons such as swords, gauntlets, and guns, which have unlimited ammo. Dante can also transform into a demon when you use "Devil Trigger" and he can inflict a lot of damage. The game is ranked, depending on how fast you complete a mission and how many items you used and such. A high ranking, while hard to obtain, can provide a lot of red orbs, which are used to buy items and upgrades for your weapons. Secret mission can be completed in order to expand your health, but they are quite difficult. In fact, the whole game is challanging, and I haven't even tried the other difficulties yet. Some of the bosses can be so annoying that you might slam your controller on the ground.In other words, it's a pretty awesome action game.BUY: This game is ridiculously cheap now, so not buying is not in the question. It's a must for the aging PS2.
3	B00005NCCR	Alright, as the first person (as of this writing, anyway) to post on here who seems to have actually played the game, I'll do my best to re-create the experience of actually playing it through words. Hmmmm. And, of course, that's just not going to happen the way it should. Oh well, I guess I'll just tell you how great it is. The game (the demo, anyway) picks up with Dante entering a hallway. As you trot down the hallway, you'll no doubt notice the fine framerate - a solid 60 frames per second, just as smooth as the likes of Twisted Metal: Black. Then, as you walk, you stuble across a marionette-type bad guy. Naturally, you attack him...and are instantly amazed that you somehow managed to 3 hit combo him with the enormous electricity-covered sword you're holding, knock him a good 15 feet into the air, and then, while he's floating, pull out your dual pistols and juggle him IN MID AIR for a good 3 seconds with bullets until he falls apart. All this comes so intuitively that you barely even know you did it. That's how great and responsive the control scheme is. While the graphics are certaintly this game's selling point (and good lord, are they beautiful) what many don't realize is that the control and handling of the game are so tight as to rival such 2D games like Castlevania: SOTN. In fact, that's the best way to explain this game. Think Castlevania, in 3D, done the way it should be. Gone is the clunkyness that typically accompanies 3D games, and in it's place is the kind of speed and responsiveness most 2D platformers WISH they had. Dante moves like a dream, and with only about 5 minutes practice you'll be pulling off moves that have other people in the room staring at the TV in absoulute amazement and asking you things like, &quot;How the hell did you do that!?&quot; The game's plot is nonexistant in the demo, but there seem to be enough elements in place as to hint at a halfway decent story. The one time Dante speaks, he sounds fine, if a bit of a low talker. Simply put, this game has &quot;legend&quot; status stamped all over it. Don't miss out: Preorder the second you get done reading this! And when it comes, take a good week or so off and prepare yourself.
3	B00005NCCR	After playing the demo that came bundled with Resident Evil Code Veronica X, there was no way I wasn't going to import this baby. Although it could technically be considered a spin-off from the Resident Evil series, I think DMC is best described as "Loaded updated for the 128 bit generation." Truly, this game is very similar to Loaded; explore the dungeon, blow away countless enemies, find the key item, blow away countless enemies, find the exit, defeat the boss and survive by the skin of your teeth, repeat. It's essentially a very polished, stylish "twitch game." Those who demand a cereberal gaming experience should seek elsewhere.The puzzle aspect is virtually non-exisitant. This game requires reflexes and fighting skills, not wits. That may sound shallow, but the constant action keeps you satisfied, and the boss battles demand a considerable amount of skill. Finesse and style are encouraged when fighting. Defeating enemies earns you red orbs, which are needed to "cash in" for new moves and power-ups. (Sound familiar, Onimusha fans?) How you kill an enemy determines how many red orbs you will earn. Blowing an enemy away with one shot from your grenade launcher will yield only one pitiful orb, but using your sword to juggle an enemy in mid-air for several seconds until he explodes before ever touching the ground will get you 5-10 orbs. This prevents things from becoming too mindless. You will surely find yourself re-entering rooms to spawn more enemies, because fighting in DMC is such a pleasure. There are a LOT of skills and moves to learn, and most of them require between 1500 and 5000 orbs. I couldn't unlock them all in my first play-through.Like the puzzle element, the story is kept to a minimum. I think you can count the actual expository cinemas that occur throughout the game on one hand, and still have a couple of fingers left over to pick your nose with. To do otherwise would interrupt the constant flow of adrenaline, which is the entire point. The story itself is no big deal, and the cheese in a couple of lines of dialogue could feed a small country. I wouldn't have it any other way.Graphically, I can think of no game on the PS2 that can surpass DMC. It's up there with MGS2, FFX, and Ico.Like most of the Resident Evil games, DMC took me about 10 hours to finish my first time, but I understand it can completed in two hours by someone who knows exactly what they're doing.Overall, I would strongly recommend Devil May Cry to anyone who even slighty enjoys action/adventure games, because this is surely one the best action/adventure games ever made.Update 12/29/08: Here we are seven years later, and as of now there are four games in the DMC series. I am of the firm opinion that DMC1 is still the best of them. The man who directed it, Hideki Kamiya, had nothing to do with any of the sequels, and it definitely shows. His latest game "Bayonetta" will be released in 2009, and it appears to be almost a sort of spiritual sequel to DMC1. I'm looking forward to it.
3	B00005NCCR	I know I am waaaay late to the game on this one, but I've never been a big RPG gamer.  On the surface, I thought DMC might have been an RPG-like game.  I was very wrong.  I only wish I had bought this one sooner.Pros:  Very difficult, you genuinely feel like you've accomplished something when you beat a boss or clear a level that you've been working on countless times until you clear it.Great graphics, the world is not as interactive as say the Grand Theft Auto Series, but it sure looks great!Decent Storyline:  Half man, half demon, I know, sounds ridiculous, but video games are like hollywood, and this one has some solid production value and the story line works.CONS:Camera angles:  The game changes views frequently as you progress through the game and there are only a few screens where Dante can actually control the camera angle.  There should have been more, perhaps this is corrected in 2 or 3 when they come out.Too many tools/options:  I was about half way through the game before I realized you could 'un-lock' other abilities and 'buy' other 'stars' that give Dante special abilities.  Stupid me, but the amount of weapons, specials, and different attacks seemed a bit much to manage.  The Ifrit is clearly the best weapon of choice!Level of difficulty:  This is as much of a pro as it is a con.  Sometimes you wanted to pour cold water into the CD-ROM of the PS2 just to get even with the pesky monster on the other side.BOTTOM LINE:  Great story line, tough challenge, pretty environment, great production value, very worthwhile.  Can't wait to move on to 2 and 3.
3	B00005NCCR	i have had this game for along time. it is not to hard and not to easy it is perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  it is the best game i have ever played. it is way better than even teken games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005NCCR	tired fof writing reviews, order for my son, know nothing about it except there were no problems more wors how ridiculous it was a gaME
3	B00005NCCR	When I first heard of this game, everyone just HAD to insist that it was the most fun they've ever had.  Now, I'm not normally a fan of gorey shoot-em-ups, so I refused to play it.  When I finally DID get around to playing it, I was surprised.  I... LIKED it... I don't know what got me, the innovative controls, the creepy as hell Castlevania type settings, or just the fact that you could turn into a demon and fight bosses such as Phantom and Nelo Angelo.  What I particularly liked was the power up system.  Slash or shoot the crap out of enemies to gain red orbs, then buy some neat little abilities or items to help you through the game.  Here's a quick rundown of the game:GRAPHICS:  4/5  Come on, it's 2003!  This game's graphics looked very good back then, but in this day and age, they are merely "decent".  Special effects are rather simplistic, but they still look pretty cool.SOUND:  5/5  An enemy being hacked apart by the Alastor sword sounds like it's being hacked apart by a sword.  Realistic, in other words.  The music isn't spectacular, but it suits the creepy surroundings.  Dante's in-game voice could've used some work, and the voice actors are nothing short of awful.  That doesn't detract from the score, as the in game sound effects are just too good.GAMEPLAY:  5/5  This is DMC's best part.  Jump off walls, then bring your sword down onto an enemies, head.  Slice them up into the air, then fill 'em full of so much lead they need to be sharpened and called a pencil.  Turn into a winged demon and shoot bolts of lightning at your foes.  It just goes on.  Simply put, the game is a hell of a lot of fun to play.CONTROLS/CAMERA:  2.5/5  Ouch.  The controls can take some getting used to, but they aren't such a problem.  The camera is pure evil...  mostly in boss battles, when it's fixed at an angle so you can't see them getting ready to launch a powerful attack at you.  It's really not cool.  (It's not THAT bad, but it can stil be frustrating.)REPLAY:  4/5  The game's first few missions get pretty boring after a few playthroughs, but the sheer number of VERY expensive abilities (it's almost impossible to get them all on one trip through) and the number of modes and extras (DEVIL HUNTER MODE!!! YEAH!!!)  make it worth coming back for.OVERALL:  4.5/5  While nowhere near perfect, this game is HIGHLY enjoyable.  And with a [decent] price tag, it's more than worth it to purchase.  Although, tough luck to those of you under 17.  It's Rated M, and holy crap, does it ever deserve that rating.
3	B00005NCCR	The lastest ...game from Capcom is Devil May Cry. This game is one of the coolest action games you will ever play. To start with the lead character Dante is the coolest protagonist on digital media. He is like Claire Redfield, Lara Croft, and Simon Belmont all rolled into one. His movement are the best ever in an action game. He can leap, roll, run, walk, and bounce off the wallls like a crazy banchee.Dante's weapons are cool too. He has dual automatic pistols as well as a huge freaking sword. He can use any of them with lighting fast speed and surgical precision. The combos you can link with these two weapons are pretty much limitless.The graphics are simply stunning. The game uses a fixed camera view, so it  a lot like Resident Evil. The castles are gothic style architecture, and the game is like what a Next-generation Castlevania should be.My only complaint is that the world is so beautiful and you are stuck exploring it through a mission-stlye interface instead of a free flowing free exploration interface. I wished the game was set up with a "central hub" like Soul Reaver.All in all, however, the game is quite stunning. It is a lot like Oniumusha, but your character is a lot cooler. It is the first time in a fixed camera game, that I know of, that the character can move and attack at the same time. This is very sweet! Resident Evil should incorporate this action into their series. You also have a lot more manueverability than in Onimusha or Resident Evil. Anyone who loves action should pick up Devil May Cry.
3	B00005NCCR	This is a Capcom game about guns, swords, walking around and generally kicking some [toshie].  Easy to play, fun to play... here's a general idea...Genre: 3D action game, one person.  You walk around and kill things.Puzzles: Easy; The level puzzles are simple: find key, use key.  The bosses pose some challenge in finding tactics that work against them.  Other than that... the puzzles pose no challenge what so ever.Violence: High... that's all this game is about: killing things.  None of these things are human, the closest human resemblance are puppets, marionettes.  Others include insects, shadow dogs, lizard warriors, wraiths.  There is blood, but not excessive.Highs:  Variety of armament, point bought skills, varying levels of difficulty, fun.Lows: Simple, really simple.  Story basically [is no good], the spoken dialect is embarrassing to listen to, some real problems with regard to realism.Alright, so it's Capcom, makers of Resident Evil and Mega Man... so what do we have?  A slight combination.  Remember Onimusha?  Well these are the same guys.  Resident Evil meet Mega Man...  introducing Devil May Cry.  It's got the look of Resident Evil in a 3D world but the action style of Mega Man.  Very very similar to Onimusha.  Alright... if you have played any of the previously mentioned games you'll also note the horrible story line and dialogue.  Well that's to be expected from Capcom... great fun, really difficult, horrible lines.  The premise is simple, Dante, the main character, is trying to rid the world of the Dark Lord, Mundus.  He comes across new powers and weapons to help him eliminate his many enemies and 5 bosses, including Mundus.Alright I must first say that this game is very easy to play through, just once.  You'll start to play and then if you have trouble it'll give you the option of going to the Easy mode, which also features automatic gun firing.  There are four difficulty settings: Easy, Normal, Hard and Dante Must Die.  This is the greatest part of the game, the difficulty settings.  Normal is pretty easy, bosses are hit hard, you are hit less and items cost less.  In Dante Must Die mode you must gather all your gaming ability together to survive, let alone conquer.  You do have the option of carrying all your gear and skills from one difficulty to the next, so don't worry.  Starting off in Dante Must Die mode would be impossible if you didn't have all your stuff.  The bosses are also pretty darn hard.  You'll have fun fighting Angelo, a sword wielding warrior like yourself, and you'll absolutely hate the battles with Nightmare, who lives up to his name completely.The game play is simple enough, moves around like Zelda Ocarina of Time, but you can't control your camera, it just moves for you.  Aiming is done perfectly with the press of a button.  You have melee weapons and combos that you can pull off with your melee weapon, and your guns too.  Another great part of this game is the fighting style.  You can juggle enemies with your sword and guns, bomb them from a distance, turn and break another enemy next to you apart, and then slip into Devil Mode and cause the ground to explode.  Devil Mode is like magic which allows you to access great skills and abilities, for the price of you Devil Letters (Magic Points).Your skills are bought between missions or from an Ox with an hourglass statue.  The cash are Red Orbs.  Yellow orbs are basically lives, blue orbs add to your life, and often come in 1/4 fragments, and purple orbs add another letter to your Devil Bar (MP).  You can use red orbs for buying for your two magic melee weapons or other orbs.  Your weapons are swords (3 types), a pair of gauntlets, dual pistols, shotgun, grenade launcher, needlegun (underwater only) and a magic gun, Nightmare Beta.  No ammo count or reloading, in fact if you can shoot fast enough you can keep Dante suspended in air while firing off your dual pistols.There are many secret missions that reward your with Blue Orbs (life) and two hidden characters, after beating Hard and Dante Must Die difficulties.  There is also a ranking system, D, C, B, A, S... sound familiar?  They rank your missions based on Time, Health, Red Orb count and Items used.  They also rank your ability to keep the pain flowing via combos.Who should get this?  Well fans of Onimusha would like it, Resident Evil fans may find the puzzles boring and the action very repetitive.  It is not a great game in the sense of Final Fantasy 7, nor is it as fun as Grand Theft Auto... in fact you'll play it, beat it and then put in away.  But I get it out every now and then just to kick some [toshie], and play around with Super Dante.  The reason it has 4 stars is because it's a game that will keep you playing until it's over.  Then you can play through the extra modes and find the hidden stuff, go for all S ranks on missions, put it away.  It's short compared to other games, took me 3 hours (shortest time).Happy Hunting.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is really good its hard very hard but it looks so cool tis like a side scroller but better than a side scroller sort of like shinobi or ninja gaiden in 3d but it stead of a ninja you are a half human half demon bad boy its really cool I like it better than capcom's other the survial horror games get its cool hard but cool
3	B00005NCCR	Finally, I heard people say the graphics of other games made them proud of the PlasStation2 before but alwayz,I was upset to see what they were talking about! This game however is intense!! The graphics are stunning,lot's of action,the best I've seen in a long time! This game is a combination of Tomb Raider and Resident Evil  thrown into one! I did beat the game on my secound day though, witch was highly disapointing but the graphics really made up for it seriously! I will play it again to get a better time and a better ranking it is a game that if you don't have it, you'll regret it because everyone will talk about how kicka@@ it is!I was starting to wonder about getting an X Box? But after this game I think Sony was just waiting to put a good game out to compete with sales of the X Box?! Now I'm just waiting for Soul Caliber 2!! Good Job Sony! Good Job Capcom! Make more games with graphics like this and  people will continue to stand behind you just like the PlayStation1.
3	B00005NCCR	Here's a new one from the creators of Resident Evil.  This is a very good game with a good story line.  I've beaten it, and it's not that easy to breeze through.  The bosses are sometimes tough, but with the ability to turn into a choice of 2 devil characters to morph into, it makes battles much easier.  I reccommend this game to anyone that is a fan of monster, horror games.  If you're looking for a Resident Evil type, you won't find it here.  Rent it before you buy it and see if you like it first.  Overall a great game to play though.
3	B00005NCCR	I just finished playing this game and it is the best PS2 game I have ever played.  The graphics - Amazing.  The control - Smooth.  The movies - excellent.  The only thing that was lacking alittle was the motivavtion behind each of the missions independantly otherwise very very cool.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is lots of fun. The fighting is really cool and powering up is too. It is really fun when you go into that devil gauge mode time. The levels are neat and the music fits perfectly. Unlimited ammo rules. He can dive and do all these sweet moves. pretty long and very hard. good graphics. The story could have been better, but it isn't all that bad.
3	B00005NCCR	Dante is a breath of fresh air in the action/RPG market. It has outstanding graphics mixed with a complex (with an option for EASY MODE) battle set-up. Final Fantasy X might be the PS2's greatest title, yet the full control over the character in DMC makes this superior in the battle area. Lots of CG cut-scenes layout an eerie tale reminescent of Castlevania, although far more intelligent. You don't need this game...you MUST have this game...prepare for terror on a new level with a character who will make the Devil cry...
3	B00005NCCR	&quot;they don't make 'em like they used to&quot;...wait! devilmay cry is the industry's answer to that challenge.&quot;but how do you know that? the game isn't out yet!&quot;for the few that don't know this already, it's outin japan, and about 90 percent of japanese games arein english, with japanese subtitles, of course. restassured...this review is based on the full game.you have to hand it to capcom...making engaging gamesis in their genes! take a look at some of the finerpoints:PROS-graphics- you know, we hear way too much aboutgraphics these days. back in the day graphics soldgames, but not so anymore. we gamers have &quot;grownup&quot; we're smarter now...gameplay makes a game. sowhy mention graphics? well, the fact of the matter isgraphics do matter. they help devolop atmosphere.now, many times i've been guilty of taking graphics forgranted, but wait until you get a load of this game inaction! it's as if the ps2 were made for this gamealone.  and the graphics do not tax the gameplay onebit. you'll fight off as many enemies as the gamefeels it's capable of cramming onto the screen at anygiven time, all high poly with no slowdown...awesome.-music- i'm a stickler for the audio department, butcapcom seldom lets me down. resident evil-esque musichaunts you, until enemies pop up. the music getsintense and sets the mood perfectly. the sound effectsand general ambience are outstanding as well. theatmosphere permeates from this one as grass ruffles andguns scream out their blasts. superb!-gameplay- &quot;okay, so it looks and sounds great...so doso many flops now-a-days.&quot; true, so what's to getall excited about? what makes it unique and stand out?the gameplay! one of the first combo's you'll bebustin' out has you using a sword and twin pistolstogether. something i haven't read about yet(because notmany have played the full version, yet) is how many&quot;toys&quot; you can use.  believe me, the sword and twinpistols are the bottom of the barrel...and guns comewith unlimited ammo. think onimusha, another capcomgreat, for some of the feel of the combat system. also,collecting orbs from your defeated foes to &quot;level up&quot;of sorts, and learn new techniques comes intact. plus,the silky smooth controls truly consider what gamershave been complaining about since the time when the term&quot;3-D&quot; actually impressed. the gameplay makes this gamefun, and that's what playing a game is about, right?right!okay, so what could be bad?well...not much. nothing, really. here are somenitpicks!CONS(nitpicking)-jumping-my nitpick with this is that it's realistic.crazy, huh? it uses the system from the firstcastlevania where you can't change directions in mid-air. there is nothing wrong with this until you includeplatform jumping in your exercise routine. in defense,the game does help you along in the few platform jumpingmoments...-respect the glass- how many of you gamershave wasted a bullet or two just to see if the mirroror glass would break in resident evil, dino crisis,onimusha, etc.? it didn't work, did it? not here,either! i can take down the mightiest spider, fendoff the most hideous minion of evil, heck...even givea t-rex a run for his money, but break glass? huh-uh!no way! if capcom keeps this up, it could just beas tradition as a dove in a john woo film!oh, well. i can't nitpick anymore. this game is amasterpiece! wait 'til you fight the bosses! facelegions of enemies that fill rooms gauntlet style!clear your first room of baddies and think you mustbe a god! all the detail, all the atmosphere, allthe items, enemies, weapons, secret missions andattitude! all the time i could have been playingwhile typing this! it's violent, so if you're aconcerned parent, keep this in mind, but if you'veplayed capcom's latest games then you know what toexpect in this department. trust me, get this game...it's that good!-ctr3 patrick m. shields iv(naval crypto-intelligence)
3	B00005NCCR	Just bought DMC today on the way home from work.  The graphics are absolutely beautiful, the music is intense and compelling, the sound effects are great.  After shooting you can hear your empties rattling on the floor.  This is the first game of this genre I have played, and it seems like fun to me.
3	B00005NCCR	for all you 3rd person action/adventure/survival horror fanatics listen up....this game is tight!....BUY IT! trust me, you will NOT be disappointed!....top notch graphics, scary DEAD creatures to play with...COOL moves u can use (after u get enough of orbs from killing everything in sight).....great story and lighting effects...and last...the soundtrack KICKS!...gameplay is AWESOME but gets difficult at times, but a CHALLENGE is the name of the game....here's my advice so listen closely....to be successful in this game....here's the strategy....SHOOT at or SLICE every possible thing that moves!....simple tactic, just make sure u do it WELL...cuz if u don't...you'll be walking amongst the dead, this game is 5 stars, i own it...and keeping for my library!
3	B00005NCCR	In the golden days of 2D action, where the fist and foot were employed as your weapons and you would resolve your differences with enemies in good old fashion brawls, sure it may have been simple, maybe lame to some. But in many ways, technical isn't deemed superior to simplistic. Now with games of Metal Gear Solid and even Tenchu: Stealth Assassins, fights are recommended to be avoided, stealth is now your friend, and numerous tactics are provided: sliding against walls, crawling past guards even the cardboard box method in MGS1.To die hard action fans such as myself though, you can't beat the sense and overall feel of straight forward fights, no hiding, and no running. You put up your fist, your sword and now your infinite ammunition hand-guns and you break through anything in your path. And it's the sheer feel of action, that isn't contained, but in fact over the top and out of control that gives Devil May Cry new life in the decaying genre of action games that are intended to play as a classic 2D action game in 3D worlds.From Capcom, you necessarily wouldn't expect this type of game. Now there is certainly no denying Capcom knows a thing or two about fighting games, but lately that as well as survival horror has been the main titles on their release list. Of course Devil May Cry contains multiple factors easily reminiscent of the Resident Evil and Onimusha engines. It's not a combination of the two however; it does create an entirely new feeling of its own.You control the demon-warrior Dante, a sword wielding mercenary who packs two handguns (each with their own names!) with a sole mission of cleaning the floor with the demons of the 21st century. After acquiring certain weapons and abilities, raging combos and powers ranging from lightning attacks discharged from Dante's hands to tossing your sword like a boomerang will be at your disposal. Some will even be required to progress through levels (hence the double jump). Special skills are earned by collecting red orbs and then exchanged at an idol where items can also be found. Once a certain sword is equipped a "Devil Trigger" meter is given. Connected hits on enemies will charge it and once filled; Dante can unleash powerful attacks by turning into his Devil form virtually making him indestructible.Battle is simplified to three controls, attack with sword, attack with guns and jump. Combination moves play an important role during DMC being ranks can be achieved during battle ranging from "Dull, Awesome and the elusive Stylish", stacking up Stylish combo's will most likely guarantee an A ranking after levels, unless it is a time based objective. Sadly for the fighting system, there is no block button which can be very frustrating at time when dozens of enemies are attacking at once, instead the jump button can also be used as a dodge method which salvages this fault a little, but in a game requiring sword attacks and where enemies can defend themselves, I see no reason why you shouldn't be able to. Luckily the range of attacks can hit almost every enemy within a 180 degree section. That's a good thing being there is no lock on feature, and you will be facing up to eight enemies at once nearly every battle.The environments are all cantered on a rusted castle, from dark chambers, underground water passages and gardens. The detail fit into these areas are no joke, everything is animated incredibly, there is a lavish fight in an area of waist deep grass and trees that left me in trance at the detail put into the surroundings. And much as Resident Evil and Onimusha, the lighting effects are top-notch. Dante is walking down a hallway during a thunder storm in the middle of the night, lightning flashing through the windows and crevices temporarily giving him a glimpse of the darkened hall ahead. Of course these little effects come to no surprise given Capcom's past creations. Fantasy touches, yes, but once again multiple areas are revisited again and again. Back tracking becomes very unattractive in games such as this being it begins to give a sense of complete repetition through non-playable terms. You'd think with 128-bit systems these days, companies could give more variety to gamers.The game is broken up into 23 missions, which is a first for survival horror genre. The games course runs from 5 to 2 hours depending on how deeply you will delve into finding hidden items. After each mission red orbs are awarded for you combo rankings and time taken. Certain objectives are assigned to each level, some involving puzzles that are incredibly simple and hardly take any thought whatsoever. Some may enjoy the frequent breaks during game play, but the missions aren't needed being how short of time is taken for some, an example is the traditional get from point A to point B before time runs out, the only mildly disturbing factor is that it can be done in less that 60 seconds.So what is the upside from the preceding glitches? The amazing thing is Devil May Cry is the first game since the birth of the 3D gaming engine to revive the classic action found in the old dynasties of Streets of Rage and Strider. Once again out of control action is unleashed into glorious 128-bit graphical power as it should be. It's pure kinetic energy, non-stop adventure that's like a geyser just waiting to burst once enemies appear on screen. Capcom pulls out what so many companies have failed with recently, in a simple phrase I can deem it a go for broke action packed extravaganza.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is the best action game I have ever played and the first game that has hooked me in front of my PS2 for hours on-end, unable to get away.The graphics are amazing, and the game switches camera angles to give the full view of the beautiful scenery.  There are even a few levels you'll want to go back and play again to explore the breathtaking views presented to you.  You'll see lights streaming through windows and the amazing perspective of your shadow as it elongates or shrinks based on the perspective of the light.The game play is also very well done.  This game excels when fighting large groups of enemies using your devil arms (lightening swords, fire gauntlets, etc.) and standard guns (dual pistols, shotgun, etc.).  The action becomes highly fast paced and you can't help but love the commentary on your battle techniques ranging from "Dull" to "Stylish".  Doing the signature move of knocking the enemy into the air and suspending him there as you rapidly fire from your twin handguns, named Ebony and Ivory, will bring a grin to your face every time.Still, the game isn't perfect.  It shows its Resident Evil roots with some of its flaws.  The fixed camera angles can be frustrating.  You'll find yourself shooting at off-camera enemies from time to time and this can become extremely maddening on the boss the levels.  It's also trying on some of the timed levels when the camera angle changes while you're running at full speed and you must fight the with the analog stick to get it to switch to the new direction.The replay value is also questionable.  It took me 20 hours to beat the game on the normal level.  Each time you beat a difficultly level it unlocks the next, but I didn't see a high value in playing the same levels and seeing the same story line again and again on harder levels.  I always wonder why games like this don't throw in multi-player combat to greatly increase game replay value.Overall this is a wonderful game to play through at least once and show off to friends.  If you don't want to buy it, rent it when you've got a spare 20 hours and play through it once.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is a game series that defines the genre &#34;Hack-n-Slash.&#34; This was it's debut game and at the time it was revolutionary to the genre, and it still is! It has a great story, awesome characters, music, and the gameplay is fun as hell! But I would highly recommend the reboot by Ninja Theory called &#34;DmC: Devil May Cry&#34;, it takes this concept and makes it a million times better.
3	B00005NCCR	I have never played CastleVania, but if it is like this, I'm going to!!! This is a great action game. The graphic are outstanding, the soundtrack rocks, and the action is insane. Plus, the main character, Dante, is the best... action hero not unlike Solid Snake ( my all-time favorite video game character ). There is only one flaw... The camera is just like Resident Evil, but you won't care when you're hacking and slashing your life away with this killer title! Buy Metal Gear Solid 2 and Devil May Cry! You won't regret it!!!
3	B00005NCCR	If you haven't heard of Devil May Cry, where have you been?  This is one of the hottest and hardest games I've ever played!  Be forewarned this game deserves its Mature (M) rating not for language, but for pure violence.  As the main character Dante you will go though an island filled with demons, ghouls and monsters.  Dante is the half demon son of the Dark Knight Sparta who, after his mother and brother were murdered, vows to hunt down and destroy all demons and devils.The weapons you start with are a sword and two semi-automatic pistols.  The pistols like every weapon you will receive have unlimited ammo.  Which is great because the enemies are relentless and the bosses cut no slack.  The fun is in the challenge, if experiment while fighting Dante will discover more about the abilities and weaknesses.  These observations are recorded in your helpful menu system.  Aside from the guns you pick up a lighting sword and fire gauntlets.  Either weapon allows you to use the Devil trigger, which gives you blows increased strength and allows you regenerate a small portion of you health.  The game uses Red Orbs from dead enemies as money.  They're bonuses for combos and flair.  In short, you get more money if the kill looks good.  These orbs can get you item and (more essentially) better skills.This godsend of a game has great story.  Even the game's voice acting is good, if only a little cheesy.  The music really helps Devil May Cry present itself as a hardcore action game. It keeps slow when there is little to do but search for a fight, and picks-up when there is battle.  You can't ask for much more. The Graphics are top-notch, the sound effects are excellent, the frame rate smooth, what else can I say.  If you have any interest in action games, BUY THIS GAME, NOW!
3	B00005NCCR	I don't know why I never played the these games they are a lot of fun I bought this game loose at a Gamestop I had a good experience the gameplay was good good controls I got used to it all in no time there are a lot of missions & it never got boring. Your plot is you play as Dante & you & this girl Trish are exploring this caste where your looking for the leader of The Under World Mundus it's pretty much a fun hack & slash the puzzle solving really works for this game I'am playing 2&3 I'll play part 4 sooner or later. The game does feel like I'm watching a movie which is a good thing. I probably skipped some important things but I enjoyed this game so that's what matters.
3	B00005NCCR	I have had this game for a couple years now and I only beat it 2 times.This game has very smooth controls and the graphics are some of the best I have seen since FFX and Onimusha Trilogy.The game was a bit short with only 23 missions but it is a challenge.Over all this is one of the best games on the PS2 and I cannot wait for the new Devil May Cry 3!!!!!!!!
3	B00005NCCR	I first played this game when it was an included demo along with Resident Evil: Code Veronica X for the Playstation 2 way back when. Ever since then, I've been addicted to this game. Instead of the slow pace one would have originally expected from the game (seeing as it was originally intended to be a Resident Evil title) the game is fast, furious, and full of incredibly enjoyable action gameplay. From the first moment of getting a key off a marionette to flying an airplane out of a collapsing mountain, the game never ceases to be one of the most enjoyable gameplay experiences not only on the PS2, but of any game ever released. It is a true classic and is something that should be played by everyone. And for those who enjoy difficulty in their games, once you beat normal, there is hard, and the incredibly hard (I seriously broke my controller playing this mode) DMD (Dante Must Die). Considering this is now availible for quite cheap here on Amazon.com along with everywhere else, there is almost no excuse not to pick up this game if you for some reason haven't yet.
3	B00005NCCR	When this game came out i wasnt really sure. I knew about Capcom games and knew that they sometimes do a great job. When i played it the graphics were amazing and i fell in love with it. The only bad part were the camera angles, i hated it cause you sometimes didnt know where the heck you were, but, in all, this games takes the cake in my PS2.
3	B00005NCCR	I was on Amazon just looking at games. Know nothing about DMC. So I took a chance about it. Now I have all but DMC4.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is very evel, that may be good or bad. This was my first ps2 game and, wat a game.this game took me 12 hours to beet (i dont know if that is good or not)and o man that was fun. This game has grate graphics, good game play and lotes of blood, all you could ask for in a game. One thing i would like to see in the next one is more places to fight evel. The hole game takes place in one castl, not to say thats bad. Another thing is that the camra veiw is sorof ..weird. This game also gives you a grate story line. and you dont run out of amo for your guns!!!!!!I have no tips for you.Thats all for me.
3	B00005NCCR	A full feature game for only a few dollars is quite a steal.  The disc came in a generic envelop however, so it would've been nicer to get the actual case.  Still was a great deal.
3	B00005NCCR	I think I've mentioned elsewhere that I'm not much of an action gamer, preferring RPGs instead.  I do like to try out games in other genre, and Devil May Cry has certainly been the recipient of much critical (and enthusiast acclaim).  With the price being as attractive as it is I decided that this would be my semi-annual dip into the world of compulsive destruction.The story is straightforward.  Girl drives into occult detective's office, stabs him with his own sword, then asks for his help in fighting the underworld.  It seems that a BIG evil is planning to take over the earth and has set up shop in a castle on Malay Island.  Dante, by the way, is the son of the demon knight who originally defeated this particular BIG evil.  So revenge is also on the menu.What ensues is a mad dash through a gothic nightmare that augments normal castle architecture with jungles, ships, airplanes, outer space, and, of course, hell. [I guess the story wasn't so straightforward after all]  All of this is an excuse for some of the most detailed graphics that I have ever seen.The animation is of such high quality that you can't always tell where a cut scene ends and the action starts again.  And, lest I forget, an array of weapons, gadgets, and puzzles that kept me busy from start to finish.  Very little was spared in making this a spectacular playing experience.My only complaints aren't about the game, but my own mediocre skills.  While I'm not exactly arthritic, my ability to deftly poke and stroke my controller is substandard.  And Devil May Cry is a game that requires both pinpoint accuracy and good timing.  Which means that the twelve hours of play that ended with me stumbling into the finale did nothing for my self-esteem.  But if you have two thumbs (instead of ten) you will find this a delightful pastime - a must play, should own game.
3	B00005NCCR	I wrote a review about this game already. I just wanna give an idea of how cool the game is. Like many other games, the last chance you get to save the game is before the final mission. So I keep beating the final boss over and over again because it's so damn fun!
3	B00005NCCR	THE GOOD THINGSTHE STORYWhether you like it or not the story isn't that original, or even compelling. You see I was spoiled by games with great plots or even characters I care about.DANTEI think Dante rocks, and I care more about his journey than Riddick's. Plus he has a big sword, Whats more better than slicing things with a big sword?The GameplayThis game is really easy to get into, and the controls are easy. And the game is an action extravaganza.My ThoughtsIn the end this was just an incredible Hack-and-Slash. So if you want to just kill things, than this is the game for you.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil may cry is a great game.  You will never see this game on a list of the 100 best games of all time; but good game.  The theme is interesting, the sounds are killer, the soundtrack shakes to the core, the gameplay will always be challenging, and the combos are engaging.Like many games that have veered near the edge of greatness, Devil May cry will always fall short for two reasons.  The game is tiny and the camera can never be worse.The entire game could buckle under these two minor issues.  It's obvious the makers had a seven hour game on their hands, so they changed the difficulty in the game to stall process for even the hardcore player. There are few games where a boss needs only a couple swipes at our hero before we are reloading the same old cut scene to try once more.This difficulty leads us to a bigger problem.  The camera in a squared room is usually set at four angles facing the corners of the room with one directly in the middle; all of this instead of just looming over the head of our hero.  When a camera angle switches, you may find your character turning back the way he came.  This is devastating considering fire columns, scythes, and lasers all follow our character at blind speed.  You can probably imagine the difficulty one must face to avoid getting hit.  Let's just say, its quite common to run directly right under a pouncing enemy, for the lack of not being able to locate the enemy in time.  Add this to a 4-5 hit kill for our hero; you might never want to crawl out of easy mode.  Honestly, its pretty questionable why a gamer would even want to fight beyond the normal setting in this game; but if you must, bragging rights would definitely come with the territory.All in all, people will want to look past these problems and play one of the few good action-platformers for the PS2.
3	B00005NCCR	this game in a word unbelievablelots of actiongreat storylinei have some people giving this bad reviewsyou should be ashamed of yourselvesone the best ps2 titles i own so far besidescode veronica x onimusha warlords and the sims bustin out
3	B00005NCCR	I beat this game in 2 days. However, those two days was the most fun I've had on the PS2. This game is a great action game. You play as Dante, a half-man, half-demon. You have to take on the Underworld to stop it from wreaking havoc on Earth. When I heard the story, I thought "Pathetic."Boy, was I wrong.This game is a hell of a lot of fun. Fast fighting, tough bosses, and evil graphics. It's perfect! The combos are tasteful, and so is the dark attack. I loved it! Only problem is that the total time to beat it was 7 and a half hours. Oh well.
3	B00005NCCR	Took me a while to learn how to play it, but once I did.. it was awesome all the way around. Tons of different weapons and attack combinations, good graphics for such an old game, and fun all the way until the end.
3	B00005NCCR	I had 10 hrs to beat this, so I played 10 hrs straight.This game is all about fast paced, free for all, combo action fighting. Rolling, jumping, shooting, slashing, flying, WHATEVER it takes. You are rated on your combos and how long they last, which if you can pull it off can be long and tons of fun to do and watch.I'd suggest playing Easy Mode first, 1) because it is A LOT easier than normal, and 2)it's just more fun to pull off impossible combosA little too short with bad voice acting and dialouge are the only negative aspects of this game.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is a little bit Resident Evil, A little bit Castlevania, a little bit of Soul Reaver and a dash of Dynasty Warriors thrown in for good measure.  What it all adds up is an excellent action game that you will keep playing for days.The graphics in Devil May Cry are excellent and the dark setting gives the game an eerie and spooky feel to it.  The gameplay is pretty action paced, and upon building your power up, there are a lot of cool attacks that can be performed on the enemies that you face.Devil May Cry is also quite challenging, and sometimes a tad frustrating as you can only save your progress when you make it to the end of a level.  I found that it played a little like a Role Playing Game at times, as I found myself building up my power so that I could go in well armed for when I faced the next boss.Overall, I enjoyed this game a lot, even during the frustrating periods, it made me pick up the controller and try harder each time I played it.  If you are looking for a very fun, action-adventure game with excellent graphics, Devil May Cry is the game for you.This game will likely appeal to those who like the Resident Evil, Tomb Raider and CastleVania games!! It is definitely one of the best games to hit the PS2 in 2001.Buy This!!
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is how 3D action games should be done. It combines the action and gothic atmosphere of Castlevania with the crisp, detailed 3D graphics characteristic of Resident Evil. The gameplay may take some getting used to, but after a couple of hours into the game it becomes addictively fun. Using a variety of swords and firearms, you'll blast your way through hordes of twisted evil creatures and beautifully crafted environments. It only takes about 7-10 hours to beat the first time around, but since nothing in the game is tedious to acquire you'll want to play it over and over. The only obvious flaw with Devil May Cry is the camera angles. I found myself walking or jumping in one direction when the view suddenly changed and caused me to move in another direction. Some boss fights can be frustrating due to this, but ultimately it's a minor problem. I also would have liked the option to use the directional pad to move instead of the analog stick (I just don't like that thing). Even if the camera angles are a bit shakey, it doesn't keep Devil May Cry from being an excellent game. If action games are your genre, don't hesitate to pick up this new classic.
3	B00005NCCR	from the makers of the Resident Evil series comes Devil May Cry. Very few video game heros can so poeticly pull off there moves like Dante does. with the use of both a sword AND two guns, you and Dante travel through a haunted castle obliterating everything in your way. This game excels in making you feel like you are Dante. You feel like you can take down any obsticale, and over all you just feel cool!This game's controls are some of the best that i have ever seen. You move fluidly, chop effectively, and juggle enemies to death. The two weapon combo really helps to amp up your combo strings, for example using the sword to slash the enemy into the air, then filling him with a barrage of bullets until they die.The game also has quite a nice way of leveling you up. Through collection os red souls, you can pay to level up Dante's move arsenal. Everything from a power slash to a double jump can be yours, for a price of course!As for the storyline, it is worthy of a movie. You really feel like your accomplishing something when you run around the castle for the cause. Very few video games can pull you around like this one does, it can make you feel sad, angry, it can make you laugh, but over all it makes you feel cool!inc onclusion, this is a must own game for anyone who has ever liked action. The controls are spot on, the storyline is amazing, and you have never felt cooler playing a videogame, BUY IT NOW!
3	B00005NCCR	First of all the intro to Devil May Cry will put some people off, but as soon as our hero Dante quits the cut scene and goes into action all you can do is let your jaw hit the floor. There are parts to the game that defy belief and look almost hyper-real, especially the final battles which roar into life with all of your accumulated powers and weapons. The graphics are nothing short of absolutely stunning.What makes Devil May Cry so good is its uniqueness and originality as a beat em up. The moves are all larger-than-life as Dante spins up a wall, shooting both revolvers at demon puppets before drawing out his neon glowing sword and slicing everything up in site. The fluidity of the controls and the movements are second to none. Just dancing around the place superhero style is a sight to behold and cherish.Devil May Cry gets the thumbs up for this reviewer. I loved ever aspect of this fantasy action game and it did not slow down for a single moment. Every new development just wanted me to press on further and finish the game. The story is actually good and coherent. The set designs, locations, interiors and places are all gob-smacking stuff. The detail is unparalleled by any game of its type on the PS2 and that says a lot.In short this is one of the best games you can buy for the PS2 and you will have hours of total and complete exhilarating fun if beat em ups are your sort of thing. This is really a very good game that has this reviewer bought and sold.Simply great!
3	B00005NCCR	The title of my review really says it all. The gameplay is tons of fun and really addictive. The smooth transition between combos and combining of swords and firearms makes for some interesting battles. It really does look like something out of &quot;The Matrix.&quot; The only problem is that the game is relatively short. It's of good length, just not really comparable to an RPG. At 20 bucks, though, it's a must have. It's be worth every dollar at that price and you'd be crazy not to buy it.
3	B00005NCCR	This is one game that made me like my PS2 again considering past titles have been mediocre or titles I haven't been interested in. First, off it's an 3D action game where you must venture into a castle battling a demonic horde. You search for clues to complete stages and find hidden stages. You'll soon learn how to start juggling opponents in the air while blasting them with dual handguns or a shotgun. And you don't have to worry about ammo in this game so you can keep blasting all day and night if you want. I mus say, though, that on normal and hard difficulties this game isn't easy. It's reminiscent of the nintendo video games of old where your thumbs will start getting sore from continuous play cause it's not an easy game. It's gonna take some old school video game sckills to beat this one.
3	B00005NCCR	THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY FOR ALL GAME FANS ! YOU PLAY AS DANTE A HALF HUMAN HALF DEMON BOUNTY HUNTER LOOKING FOR THE DEMON WHO KILLED HIS FAMILY.YOU GET LOTS OF COOL MOVES YOU CAN PURCHASE , AS WELL AS A WIDE VARIETY OF WEAPONS AS WELL..THE STORY IS REALLY COOL AND THE GAMEPLAY IS EASY TO LEARN.YOU CAN PLAY AS HIS DAD IF YOU BEAT HARD MODE , AND PLAY AS DANTE WITH HIS DEVIL TRIGGER GAUGE ALWAYS ON IF YOU BEAT THE NEXT GAME MODE AS WELL .THIS GAME IS VERY ADDICTIVE , AS WELL AS LOTS OF FUN !!YOUR BEST BET IS TO BUY AIR RAID  WHEN YOU GET YOUR ALASTOR SWORD . YOU CAN DO LOTS OF DAMAGE TO BOSSES WHILE IN THE AIR. BUT YOU HAVE TO BE IN DEVIL TRIGGER FORM . SO BUY AS MANY DEVIL STARS AS YOU CAN AFFORD.ANOTHER COOL MOVE TO GET IS AIR VORTEX ! AND CHECK OUT THE IFRIT MOVES AS WELL -AFTER YOU GET THAT WEAPON..AND GET HOLY WATER TOO , FOR HARDER ENEMIES.AND HAVE ENOUGH VITAL STARS ON HAND TOO. BUT IF YOU KILL ENOUGH BADDIES , THEN YOU GET A GREEN ORB TO REFILL YTOUR HEALTH BAR.THE SECRET MISSIONS ARE NOT THAT IMPORTANT TO COMPLETE .THE BETTER YOU PERFORM AT FIGHTING , THE MORE YOU EARN - AND THE MORE YOU CAN BUY.SO PICK IT UP TODAY ! YOU 'LL LOVE IT AND WILL PLAY ITMORE THAN ONCE ! I KNOW I DID !AND YOU'LL SEE WHY IT WAS VOTED #1 PS2 GAME ALL AROUND....
3	B00005NCCR	It's rare that I give a game 5 stars, but this is a very, very rare game.  Devil May Cry is, lets put it this way...IT'S NOOOOO RESIDENT EVIL(thank god).  This game is amazing, it's sylish, it has nice fast pace action and it's overall a masterpiece and incredibly underrated.  Unlike Resident Evil which you must conserve ammo for your weapons THIS GAME WANT'S YOU TO KILL EVERYTHING IN YOUR SITE.  It's incredible, and there are tons of stuff like saving up orbs to buy power ups or new moves but the moves you already start with are just fine and good to get use to untill you start spending cash.The games visuals are amazing, best looking PS2 game I think.  I'll make this short and Sweet!Good-amazing visuals-stylish Fighting and gun blazing action-Dante rules-awesome level desighn-awesome boss desighn-AWESOME EVERYTHINGBad-Too short...I beat it in 9 hours-DO NOT BUY DMC2...-This game has 3 settings and easy is REALLY EASYThe good.......again-Devil May Cry 3 will probably suprass this and be the best ps2 game ever..ehehehheOverall...GET THIS GAME...THAT'S IT..I'M DONE..5 OUT OF 5 STARS.
3	B00005NCCR	This is my favorite game aside from Drakengard! Devil May Cry 2 sucked, I hope there's a #3 comin' out soon.
3	B00005NCCR	Though he was a demon, the legendary swordsman, Spahda, awoke one day to justice. Alone, he defeated the demon army and imprisoned their emperor, Mundus saving the human world from damnation. Now, 2000 years later in a large American metropolis, a man named Dante, a private investigator of the supernatural, is seeking revenge for the death of his mother and brother. However, Dante comes face to face with his destiny, discovering the evil conspiracy goes back thousands of years and that the evil Mundus has arisen a new. The world is waiting, for Dante is no ordinary man...Dante is Spahda's son and with his father's sword in hand, he must enter the demon realm and avenge mankind.That is the background story to this amazing game.  This is were you pick up Dante, the half man half demon, to start the quest given to you by a demon girl named Trish.  From the open game sequence you can tell Dante is one bad mother, shut your mouth.  This game just recks of coolness that everybody must see at lest once.Enough about the background, let me tell you about the gameplay because without that...the game would suck.  The gameplay is superb.  Dante's reactions become more of an extension of your hand than just actions you make him preform.  The 1st time you do a sword to gun air combo for about 20 hits you'll know what I'm talking about.  The actions are simple and takes about 10 min to get comfertable with them.  R1 locks on target, while holding it down you can press: circle to sword and kicks, X to use your guns, and triangle to jump, back sumersault, side roll depending on the direction you press.  L1 turns Dante into demon form and allows for faster and stronger hits.  This is a stright action game with maybe 10% other.  All guns have unlimtied ammo to help keep up the pace.The graphics will be this games main selling point, and what a strong selling point it is.  All the graphics are gorgeous but the real feature to watch is the animation of Dante and other charchters.  They are simply breathtaking along with cool.  The 1st time I fought the 1st boss and started doing back flips, rolls, while shoting and slashing....my friend just looked on with his mouth wide open.  I died, he turn slow toward me and said, I quote, &quot;That was the most kick @ss thing I've ever seen.&quot;  Trust me its that good.The game is something will not get tired of in a week or will beat in a week.  The game on normal setting is hard.  With each new badguy introduced I died just looking at them and trying to figure out how they fight.  There is said to be about 10-15 hours of gameplay, don't know for sure haven't beat it, and secret missions after you beat it.  The depth of the play will also keep you going, learning witch guns/swords to use on each fight is somthing you'll also spend time doing.In the end, Capcom has given us the best looking, playing, and just flat out coolest games to play ever on any console.  Your heart races as the rock-n-roll picks up for the fight and if you die or win....your left stasfied and with a tear of happeiness in your eye.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is a great game for the sheer fact that you feel like you're kicking major butt the entire time. It's a fun, but simple game. The monsters are not terribly hard, puzzles are easily solved, and the story isn't too imaginative, but they made up for that with the action. All you have to do is go crazy with the controller and you turn into a hyper active killing machine. The environments are beautifully detailed and the action is quite smooth. It is short game, but so are most. It's good to play when you don't feel like anything to complicated and want to get some frustrations out.
3	B00005NCCR	Anyone lookin 4 a Bad-Azz Survival horror game, needs to look no further, Devil May Cry is that game, and this is why:Pros:Nice storylineExellent graphicsA lot of itemsnice weaponsexcellent music that gives a deep feelGreat abilities to go along with weaponsDevil trigger is awsomeGreat sound effectsGreat and challanging bossesExcellent voive actingGreat GameplayShort but fun to play againAt 19 bucks, this would make a great giftCons:Ugly Camera anglesEnemies get repetitive, and real annoyingPuzzles (First time playing) can be very frustratingItems raise up orbs every time u buy oneShort game, beat it in 8hoursNo alternate camera modeWith not many bad things in this game it's hard not to enjoy this game.  If you don't have this game by now, my friend, you're missin out on one of the best games out there.  This definetly needs to be in your library of PS2 games
3	B00005NCCR	Everybody knows that Capcom has a knack for creating new and cool franchises like Resident Evil and Mega Man and the like. Well, add Devil May Cry to the list because it will knock your socks off! This is without a doubt, one of the most unique and addictive action games to come along in a while. First, the graphics, while seems a little outdated now, are still pretty amazing. The backgrounds are greatly detailed. Enemies look fantastic, and Dante himself is awesome and is one of the best video-game characters ever made. How can you not like the guy? Music is pretty good, and the voice-acting is thankfully not like Resident Evil, but still nowhere near the level of MGS quality. Controls are near perfect, with the camera the only fault on here. Like any Capcom game, DMC has a good level of replay value. You can unlock a "Easy Automatic" difficulty, so first timers can enjoy it. But if you're a true gamer, you must play it in Normal, which is pretty tricky. Then there's Hard, which is, to say the least, hard( DUH! ), and of course, the ultimate setting, Dante Must Die, which is...well, I'll let you figure that out for yourself. Beat the last 2 difficulties and you unlock another character and unlimited Devil Trigger. What will draw people in is the action and the unlimited ammo, which is the best thing about the game, as is it would have been pretty lame to collect ammo while fighting demons. I only had a few minor problems, though. One is, while the replay value is pretty good, the game is still a little on the short side, but the difficulties should make up for that. Also, the camera can be an annoyance from time to time. The story, while decent, could be a little better. But that's just me. I highly recommend Devil May Cry to any gamer, whether you be an action, RPG, or whatever, I guarentee you will enjoy this. A 5 out of 5. This is Sean David, signing off.Until next time,Semper Fi, Carry On.
3	B00005NCCR	THE GOOD: Super tight controls; great variety of power-ups, weapons and attacks; beautiful environments; non-stop action; very challenging; great new gaming character.THE BAD: Some ugly and hollow enemies; vague storyline; quirky camera can leave you blinded; short.DIFFICULTY: HardDMC is an action game that the gaming industry desperately needed. Gaming was in more or less a casual rut, and hardcore gamers were becoming sick of the simple games that while may have been innovative, lacked depth and most of all, a REAL challenge. DMC changes all this by bringing us an incredibly cool, slick and likable new character, gorgeous and unique level design, and a battle system that'll give you so many special movies and upgrades that it'll take about 3 playthroughs to actual be able to "afford" them all (considering the red orbs you collect by slaying demons and monsters are what buy you new special moves).You control Dante- slick showoff, gun-toting, sword wielding, badboy extrordinaire, who has a demon hunting business in some fictional city that one day gets visited by a mysterious woman who tells him of some god who's giving rise to the evil underworld. It's pretty vague and unfortunately the rest of the game's simple story gets almost lost on you because many times the action and sound effects will be so loud, the character dialogue is near inaudible. Anyway, you enter this gothic castle and the game has you playing through "missions" that have you completing a certain task in order to get through to the next level, all within the same castle of course. Don't worry, backtracking is kept to a minimal.The first thing most gamers will notice is the unpredictable challenge. The first level boss is tough, and simply standing near him, swiping your sword and jumping away every few seconds (as many other games allow) will only lead you to an early grave. Defeating these enemies takes a quick eye and even quicker reflexes, as many bosses reappear randomly in certain areas and due to the continue system in the game (purchasing yellow orbs gets you back to a checkpoint, but any items you've used before you died will be gone the second time around, and if you're out of yellow orbs, you've got to start the level all over again, which becomes downright heartbreaking a few times), the 22 missions in the game may only take about 6 or 7 hours in total, but you'll be playing a lot longer considering all the deaths and re-tries you'll be using. The game becomes progressively more difficult, but due to the gradual learning curve the gameplay itself will become easier to manage because gamers will, get this, BUILD thier skill. The great thing about DMC is that it emphasizes skill and reflexes, not button mashing. Unfortunately, at a few points in the game the third person camera (which isn't controlled by the player in some boss fights) works against you and can leave you wondering where exactly you are and in what direction you need to be attacking, which can lead to a death at a point that'll send you directly to the beginning of the level (swear inducing stuff). In simplist terms, this game is HARD, but ultimately rewarding.Besides the challenge, the environments are beautiful. The gothic and romantically dark castle feels surrealistic at some points and really takes a personality all its own. Still, the same can't be said about some very blocky and pixalated enemies, who can look downright ridiculous at some points (one boss had me asking myself "what the hell is that thing supposed to be???"). Other enemies are somewhat funny looking also, and unfortunately forgetful, and don't carry anywhere near the type of memorable personality from a game like Resident Evil 4.Still, I had loads of fun with this game and for the first time in a very long time, the game made me feel good about finally beating it, which is a lot more than I can say about a lot of overly long, yet easy games out there. I'm a Dante fan for life.BOTTOM LINE: For true hardcore gamers this is a MUST buy, for the casual Madden NFL guy, go back to your beer and let the real gamers play.
3	B00005NCCR	This game is nothing but pure fun, although at times confusing, the game's action is awsome. A little short, but a great game with a good replay value. The gameplay can be a little tricky at first, but all game's are in the beginning, once you master the system you'll be able to to up to twenty hit combos.The game takes place 2000 years after the sealing of the evil demon Mundus. Now Sparda's son Dante must face Mundus in a colossal battle. To save the Earth Dante must seal Mundus away once again.Although a good game it misses some things from the original japanese version. For example three enemies are missing completely (Shadow, Fetish, and Frost). So, in the end the game is great, and very fun. Although it misses some from the original, it is worth your money.
3	B00005NCCR	I've heard the reviews saying that Devil May Cry was one of the greatest games ever.  Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it is a good game.  Devil May Cry is a fight and slash game with a haunting background and a terrible storyline.  It does work well though, and flows nicely.This game has some problems, but those are not problems that detract from the gameplay too wildly.  First off, it commits the greatest cardinal sin or all time - you cannot save at any point.  This immediately means that at least some of the game will contain repetition.  My second biggest gripe is the camera angle is situated at stationary spots.  It does not follow you around like other games.  Worse, is that when you move, the camera angle will switch to a vastly different view.  This ranges from inconvenient when navigating a room, to hellish when you're running and jump attacking a monster and the room suddenly flips on you.  I also thought the front end and menus were a little unintuitive, and the fact that you couldn't adjust the music and sound volume separately was also annoying.The game starts off with a bad storyline, and then Dante, whom you play, is placed into a dark foreboding castle, where the entire game takes place.  It's safe to say this background rates up there with Final Fantasy 10 and Ico.  You then fight your way through different small levels, collecting orbs and objects to advance to the next level.  At about the third level, you can choose which difficulty you can play.  With the easiest level, you can just hack and slash and special attacks will be automatically done.  In the harder levels, you can do those stupid random up up down A B L3 right down down combo moves that are in Fighter games.  Needless to say, I took the more straightforward level.The game consists of a little over 20 missions.  Some missions consist of moving from one place to another, others are a little more complex in that it requires you to gather an object and place it with an another, and some require you to beat a boss.  Either way, the missions rarely consist of backtracking, there is little wandering or not knowing where you are going, and there is a little repetition.  The movies are rare and skippible, so the action is rarely interrupted.  This means that the game has a great flow.All in all, it's a good game.  As a greatest hits game, it's a superb value.Pros:Haunting atmosphere.Which difficulty selected determines type of game.Great flow.Hardly any pointless wandering.Cons:Fixed CameraCannot save at any pointTime:12 hours (easy difficulty)Frustration Level:Low
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is the best game thst i have ever seen on the Playstation 2 The graphics are amazing and so is the gameplay.  The only flaw this game has is that it is too easy to complete, although i think it is a game that you will go back to time and time again.  YOu take on the role of Dante who is half man and half devil and you get to use some impressive weapons to kill all the foes wanting to kill you.  If you havent played this game yet (WHY NOT), i recommend that you go out and buy it as it is a really good game.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is an action packed,  fast pace combat oriented game.  Assume the role of Dante,  Son of the Legendary Dark Knight Sparda,  and conquer Mallet Island and the Dark God Mundus.First off,  let's talk graphics.  Beautiful!  The moves are fluid,  the cutscenes are flawless.  Dante explores some of the best environments ever to grace a console platform.  The sounds are great as well,  from the blast of the shotgun to Dante's footfalls.The controls are generally good,  but the shifting camera angles can sometimes make the absolute directional system a bit painful.  In certain spots where chnges are prominent,  you can press the analog stick in one direction and run back and forth almost forever.  This is rarely more than a minor nuisance,  however.  Controls work exellent,  and are very responsive,  which is a must for an action based game.The gameplay is pretty straightfoward.  Dante explores the castle and surrounding island,  killing monsters which release soul orbs.  Dante offers up these souls to Watcher statues to buy new techniques for his weaponry,  power ups,  etc.  Fighting monsters also recharge his &quot;Devil Gagues,&quot;  the power derived from his demon half.  As with previous Capcom games,  there is minor puzzle solving,  but the major focus is action.As if normal mode wasn't enough (There's a reason that there's a hidden &quot;Easy Auto&quot; Mode),  there are several more difficulties.  Each time you beat the game on a harder mode,  you unlock more stuff,  including a Mode where you play as the Legendary Dark Knight Sparda himself.The storyline is also really cool,  with spectacular cutscenses and a great plot.  Unfortunately,  there isn't enough of it,  but this is an action oriented game,  so it's unlikely that this was a primary concern for the design staff (nor does it merit taking away form the rating).All in all,  if you liked either Onimusha or the Resident Evil series,  or are a fan ofaction/swordfighting/shoot-'em-ups,  Devil May Cry will not disappoint.
3	B00005NCCR	A MUST BUY!!!This game is about gameplay. who here remembers the double dragon games? i do and they were some of the greatest games ever. why? graphics? no Gameplayok first of all the graphics are awesome. not the best on the ps2, but great nontheless. the aliasing issues distracts you when ur just walking around.butThis game totally delivers in gameplay. i cant tell you how much fun it is to whoop some stylish combos and blast some demons to holy heck with your dual handguns.yes the puzzles are easier than RE, but who cares. this game is about action, not puzzles. the bosses are mean as anything.whoever says they beat this game first time through in less than 10 hours i feel sorry for. they either used a guide, or just rushed through it without enjoying it. i cant tell you how many times i would just walk around, not look for progression, but just to whoop some butt.This game is about kickin butt and looking good while doing it. it doesnt punish you for killing like in RE. it rewards you to buy even more awesome moves.Did i mention sound??? Crank up the volume on this baby to really enjoy it. guns blazing while in devil mode with explosions all around you.cant get much better than this.buy it..now
3	B00005NCCR	This has to be one of the greatest action-oriented games that Capcom has ever created. I greatly enjoyed this game, but the problem with the game is that it's too short (only about 7 hours top).  The control for Dante is great, but sometimes, the camera fights with you, especially in two instances: boss fights (which sometimes gets really bad for you!) and platform jumping (which is just plain annoying).  The ability to transform into two/three demon-types is great as well.  The graphics displaying the demon-transformation is exceptional, for one of the initial Playstation 2 games.  The environments became even better graphically at the end when all hell broke loose.  There were only a few faults that I can name.  First, the game was too short.  Second, the game was too focused on a single area, and Dante had to continously retrace his steps.  Third, the secret missions and such were just plain annoying.  Lastly, the storyline could have been more developed.
3	B00005NCCR	The creators of this game had the right idea.  And they did an alright job at it.  Action is everywhere.  Non-stop.  Sometimes that gets old, while other times it is just what you want.  Bosses can be quite tough, that is a downside.  SOmetimes too tough, especially at the beginning of the game when you have little developed skills and items to recover.  I got frustrated a lot first playing this game.  But I must say, once you get over those first few humps and start developing those needed skills, this game is action packed and you really get into.  The action then is always fun.  4 stars with the slow and frustrating beginning as the downside.
3	B00005NCCR	This game kicks (...). Plain and simple.You play as a half humnan half demon that fights off incredible odds in comic book style sword and gun playBuy this game at all cost.Controls are outstanding and easy to get a hang of.Music is awsome.Graphics are beutiful.Fun Factor is throu the roof.Game Cube can have Resident Evil, We want Devil May Cry.
3	B00005NCCR	DEVIL MAY CRY is one of the best action/horror games out there. The graphics are awesome, the special effects were great and the settings were awesome as well. The plot was standard and there were a couple of loose ends at the end of the game but it's minor. Basically DEVIL MAY CRY is a straight forward action game with minor role-play elements. The game is split up into 23 missions plus a few secret missions here and there. My only problem was that it was way too short! I finished it in a few days but it was all fun. The basic plot is: you play as "Dante" who is half man/half devil. He's also a devil hunter. Years ago, a legendary devil knight called "Sparda" sealed the underworld to prevent a powerful devil from escaping into the human world. Sparda also lived the rest of his years in the human world and married a human woman. Now 2000 later a mysterious woman called "Trish" crashes into Dante's place and leads him to a mysterious island where she says the gate to the underworld is about to open. It's now up to Dante to stop this from happening. There are a couple of surprises. On the action side of things, there are some really cool weapons and you can transform into devil state with certain power moves. DEVIL MAY CRY is a short game but it's very well put together. There are some challenging aspects but it won't take long to figure it out. All in all it's well worth it.
3	B00005NCCR	I bought RE: CVX only partially because I like Resident Evil.  The other reason was to see the Devil May Cry demo.  From what I have seen this game is just the kind I like.  I like challenge, but am not huge on super complex puzzles.  I like long games, but a 20 something hour long game of Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger is a bit much.From what I have read, and what I have seen in the demo, DMC has a good blend of puzzles and mindless hack &amp; slash (and in this case shoot as well), and it won't take me 20 hours of play to finish.
3	B00005NCCR	Devil May Cry is a masterpiece of the gaming era. The control is fluid, the graphics are nearly flawless, and the mood and style are executed with a passion and art like no other game has ever had.The graphics are simply gorgeous. The textures are well mapped, and the polygons really push it. The camera does a nice job of keeping up with you and staying in mainly the right areas as to not obstruct your combat. The character models are artistic and original, and the design's style is well formatted into the game.The game is very easy to control. The combinations move together like liquid, making endless, and easy, possiblities to end your foes.I had no problem with the fact that the game is only 12 hours, because I played it a couple more times to get all the secrets that are well worth the replay. Several words of warning: This game is very graphic and violent. It isn't a major concern in my house, but it may be in others. This game is also very VERY challenging, and may leave gamers frustrated unless they get the feel of the game down for a while in easy mode before they start going hardcore. At times, it seemed for my brother, who is 13, that normal mode was downright impossible.A game for the strong-stomached, and skillful gamers.
3	B00005NCCR	I must commend capcom i can actually control this character wow!!!!!!!!! the graphics are hot,,, the game play pleasurable,,,,the story exciting,,,, you must play this game!!!!!!!!!!!! i warn you  this game has alittle blood and gore but who cares its great!!!!!!!!!! i find myself playing this game over and over it has appeal , all games has faults but i can live the set backs of this game definitely a classic i recommend you buy this one laterzzzzzzzz..............
3	B00005NCCR	This is the best action adventure game for the PS2 out there. The best part of this game is the sweet non stop killum up action.Graphics: 10/10. Excellent facial expressions, background and incredible special affects.Sound: 9/10 Great voice acting and metal clashing noises.Control: 10/10 the controls respond quicker than like... anything. You can change from your sword to your gun really really fast.replay:8/10. Hack and slash madness. You can definitely play it again.Story:6/10. It's ok but it doesn't take many twists or turnscut cinemas: 10/10. swwwwweeeeeeeettttttttoverall fun: 9.5/10. Awesome action but a small lack of in depth story.
3	B00005NCCR	As the title says, if I didn't already have a PS2 I'd seriously consider buying one just to play this one game.  It is my favorite console game, hands-down, no contest.  And now that I've gotten my bias out of the way:The game has atmosphere.  I don't know any other way to put it.  With absolutely phenomenal graphics, the baroque-style ambient music or the Japanese hard rock during the intense battles, and the sounds of demons echoing all around you, there just isn't a better form of immersion on the market.  As far as I've seen, there aren't any problems with collision detection or game boundaries - you can go anywhere it looks like you could go, and the game deals with it in a realistic fashion.  There are no phantom barriers cordoning off areas the developers just didn't feel like programming.Though some claim the camera angles to be annoying, I find that it only helps the sense of immersion.  It feels exactly as though you were playing a movie - the camera angle can't be controlled by the user, but the game does it professionally.  Rarely is a column blocking your view of the character, and certain camera angles just work better to set the mood, so to speak.  After all, when you can't just rotate the right analog stick and swing the camera all around, it makes you wonder what's waiting around the next corner for you.The characters and enemies are beautifully rendered and definitely believable.  The names could have been more original, perhaps, but I don't think anyone is complaining.  The combat system should be familiar to anyone who's played other third-person survival/horror games from Capcom (Resident Evil, Onimusha, etc.), and the learning curve isn't very steep.  The game has essentially non-stop action, and after the first few minutes there's rarely a time when you aren't in a life-threatening situation with hordes of hellacious beasties coming to kick your [butt].  The puzzles can get annoying at times, but are generally well-planned and fun.Though game time may be short, there are 4 different difficulty modes and 2 secret characters, so there's plenty of death to go around...If you own a PS2, you should own this game, period.
3	B00005NCCR	I got this game last week after reading several reviews on Amazon.  I popped in the game, and I was instantly glued with the opening scene.  I'm usually not a huge fan of action games, but this one is awesome.In the game, you play the character of Dante who is the son of a demon who saved the world from the devil 2,000 years ago.  Dante is half-human, half-demon.  He is met by a pretty girl who flies from the sky named Trish who gives him the task of defeating the devil once again as his father did.  The game starts from there, and it is instantly cool.  The graphics are great, the music is good, and the game play is fun and challenging.  The enemies are not easy to beat.  They come at you in groups that require moving and some speed along with slashing and shooting.  That is one of the coolest things about Dante, he not only uses a huge sword (and gets an even cooler sword early in the game) he also has some guns to blast away his supernatural enemies.  If you get an enemy alone or in a group of two, (you don't want to do this when there are other enemies around you) Dante can use his sword to toss the enemy in the air and shoot them as they come falling down.  There are other abilities like the ability to change into a demon which recharges some life and adds new skills to Dante's repertoire.  He can learn new skills and get items by trading in the red souls of demons he has killed which is another interesting addition to the game.I have thoroughly enjoyed this game so far and have found it pretty challenging in parts.  I think this game is a must buy for any gamer!
3	B00005NCCR	In my first review for Devil May Cry, I praised nearly every single detail about the fast paced, kick ass action adventure from the numerous challenging monsters, to the best leading man to ever grace the cover of a video game, Dante.  Replaying the original over the years does not change my views on this spectacular game, but instead enhances it.  Other than Metal Gear Solid 2, Devil May Cry is the best game ever created for the PS2.  The main reason for this, as I said before, is the main character Dante.  The son of Sparda and self employed demon slayer is the epitomy of cool.  You see this guy coming at you, you turn the other way, it's really as simple as that.  Although the game is short, playing on many levels of difficulty will enable you to showcase your numerous combo moves and new equipment you picked up throughout the game.  Enemies are plentiful, and there are just enough weapons to hold you over.  Devil May Cry is the definition of superb video gameing, and is a must for any PS2 owner.
3	B00005NCCR	Simply put, this is one of the best games I have played in a long time. A great slasher/shooter game. It is challenging, there is a good variety, and some of the moves you can pull off are stunning. The devil triiger is an awesome feature. The controls are awesom. The only complaint I can see about it is that the camera angle sometimes makes it so you can't see the enemy sometimes. However, that does not detract from the best game out there for the PS2(until MGS2:SOL comes out). A must buy!
3	B00005NCCW	This game is so cool! It has so many great characters and wondrous graphics! Any Street Fighter fan should have it! Here's all the characters, one side hero, one side villain, in order I like them.Heroes  Villains1. Ken  1. Akuma2. Ryu  2. M. Bison3. Chun-Li  3. Sagat4. Blanka  4. Balrog5. Zangief  5. Vega6. T. Hawk7. Fei Long8. Guile9. Dee Jay10. E. Honda11. Cammy12. DhalsimAnyway, this game is nearly perfect! Buy it for you or your kids!
3	B00005NCCW	Street Fighter II needs absolutely no introduction, being one of the top fighting games of all time. What does need explaining is how great a transition it has made to the GameBoy Advance. It's a perfect translation of the SNES game, down to the move animations and entire cast of characters. Now added to the gameplay are special points you gain for fighting in the one-player mode. These points go towards unlocking new game options, and are a good addition to the replay value. The only problem with the game is the lack of buttons needed to pull off the classic moves, but after playing for a bit this won't seem like such an obstacle anymore. Capcom shouldn't be blamed for the restrictions of the system. Rather, they should be applauded for bringing such a classic onto the GBA in almost perfect form. Awesome game.
3	B00005NCCW	Super Street Fighter II Turbo Revival was released on the Game Boy Advance in 2001. Based on the excellent Super NES port of the arcade hit, it is basically shrunk down so you can play it on the go. For what it is worth, it's a great port that, while not perfect, is a blast to play and one of many games that you can own for the GBA.In case you haven't played any Street Fighter title, you start by picking a character and the computer pits you against the others from different countries represented by the various stages. Eventually, you'll learn your character's moves, plow through bonus stages to earn extra points and face off against M. Bison, the main game's final boss. And that's the gist of it so get ready to fight!The PROS: This is a great port of a great SNES title and shows what you can do on the Game Boy Advance. The intro is cool to watch, the stages are colorful and are almost identical to what you saw from the SNES title. The sound effects and music are spot on while the controls, once you get used to them, feel good and you will pull off moves with little ease. This game features a point system that will let you unlock additional content such as an art gallery, an extra character and extra game modes once you earn enough points and it automatically saves your progress. Connect your GBA with someone else who has the same game and you can fight against the other person.The CONS: Not much to say here except for two small issues. The GBA has 4 buttons so in order to keep the 6 button layout that all Street Fighter games uses (3 for punches, 3 for kicks), the controls are set up so that the L and R buttons are for high punch and high kick, and then B and A buttons are for light punch and light kick. To use the "medium" effect, you press B and A buttons longer so you can use the medium punch and medium kick respectively. It sounds confusing but it is easy to pull off so it doesn't interfere with the game play. Also, while the graphics are pretty much what you see in the SNES title, the GBA version takes a hit in the frames of animation in order for it to run smooth.Super Street Fighter II Turbo Revival is a great port of the SNES title released before it. Despite its shortcomings and with added content and support for 2 players, it is a fun game with added re-playability that will keep you busy for awhile. You can find this for a low price now so if you see it, pick it up. I recommend it for all Street Fighter fans and gamers alike.
3	B00005NCCW	If you are a Street Fighter Fan, then you should get this game.  Why?Ryu, Ken, Chun-Li (my personal favorite fighter), Guile, Cammy are all present.  Unfortunately, Sakura and Dan are not (they don't come until the Alpha series anyway).  Controls are a little hard to get used to since two of the attack buttons are above the console, but thankfully it can be remedied with the push of the Select button during game play to make special moves easier to execute.I like the challenge mode, where you try to defeat 5, 10, 30, and 100 fighters with one life bar.  The time attack modes is also great.  Now if I can just get the bonus games down pat (without E Honda's hand slaps).  You get ALL 17 fighters from the SFII series, including Shin Akuma, which is Akuma on steriods.No story boards here, but the beautiful graphics and portraits make up for it.  But I wish they had the original ending boards.In short, get this game if you are fighter's fan.  (PS, I have the Japanese import)
3	B00005NCCW	I'm so glad to have this game for my micro! This has always been my favorite version of Street Fighter.
3	B00005NCCW	Taking gamers back to the days when Capcom couldn't count to three, Super Street Fighter II Turbo Revival, for the GBA, raises the bar set for handheld brawlers by the short-lived Neo Geo Pocket.Almost instantly the game hits you with a wave of nostalgia from the Street Fighter of old.  Capcom has done a great job in 'reviving' the old-school graphics and original SSF roster, retaining all their moves and also packing Super heat.  But as they say: the more things stay the same, the more they change.  Most of the backgrounds have been replaced, the music's been downgraded somewhat, the training mode doesn't fight back, and the game gets easier to beat after a while.The game's biggest problem WOULD'VE been the control setup for the GBA.  But by pressing the Select button during gameplay, it's now a whole lot easier to perform Specials (Fireball: Forward + Punch) and Supers (A + B).  You'll be saying "Hadoken" so much the word will lose all meaning!  But for some reason this doesn't work on charge moves, that and your thumbs will still hate you.Though game features are limited, the minigames in some modes should keep you busy, including the beloved, breakable car and barrels.  You also earn reward points from matches that go toward an image gallery and other goodies.  So even if you've already traded your GBA for the DS, this is still the best fighting game for it--so far.This game is rated E for Everyone: Violence.
3	B00005NCCW	This game is really fun for someone like me who hasn't played Street Fighter II since it came out on SNES (and I'm not even talking about the Turbo version). The graphics are nice and the gameplay is fun. I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 for the following reasons:1 - Once you get the hang of your favorite character and you play through the game a time or two, it'll be fun to beat the crap out of people for awhile but the game will certainly start getting old... especially after you unlock the Akuma dressed in blue and you can absolutely pummel the crap out of everyone.2 - I went from playing the game on the default difficulty the first time through up to level 8 on the next. Call me crazy, but there wasn't much of a noticable difference in difficulty to me outside of a few characters: Blanka, Guile, and Vega.3 - This game has some MAJOR glitches that really take away from the experience for me. First, unless I'm missing something like a combination of buttons you have to press, there's no way to reset your progress. In other words, once you unlock characters and get so far with your scores and best times with all the other challenges, you're stuck with those... but that's not the end of the glitches! Many of the numbers for your best times show up all jumbled, the button menu no longer works (just freezes the game), and sometimes, when I beat M. Bison, the game either glitches to a jumbled screen and freezes or glitches to a screen with a silhouette of Akira's big noggin and - you guessed it - freezes.So... if I want to start this game over from scratch, it looks like I'm going to have to buy it (new, since other used ones will be somewhere in the same state, I guess) again. Outside of the things mentioned above, I still love playing this game from time to time. I've had it for well over a year now. Overall, it's a great game but easy to master and glitchy after a certain point.
3	B00005NCCW	The king of all fighting game series makes an impressive debut on the Game Boy Advance with Super Street Fighter II Turbo Revival. Beautiful graphics, incredibly fast gameplay, and plenty of single-player action make this the ultimate portable fighter. Choosing from over 16 of the original Street Fighter cast-no SFIII or Alpha characters here-you battle in the classic one-on-one style with three turbo speeds and the "beat-up-the-car" and "barrel-busting" mini-games. You can also unlock several cool single-player modes, like survival, timed attack, beat the bosses, and fight Akuma-but this game is best when you're battling another player via the link cable. The 2D sprites are smoothly animated and the backgrounds are awesomely detailed as the GBA's wide screen is filled to the edges with frantic action. Controls are dead-on with a simple four-button setup (as in Marvel vs. Capcom 2), and the GBA is reminiscent of the old Super NES controller (hopefully the GBA shoulder buttons will hold out). Big-handed gamers, however, may find their fighting endurance severely shortened by the minute size of the GBA-i.e., "hand cramp!" The soundtrack is standard SF fare, but some sounds are distorted, while other small bits are missing.This game brings you back to a time when Street Fighter was the unrivalled king of the fighting genre, and now the series will reign again on the GBA. Super Street Fighter II Turbo Revival is so good that it will easily make diehard pocket fighters forget all about the great genre titles on the short-lived Neo Geo Pocket Color.
3	B00005NCCW	Wow! I would've never imagined playing STREET FIGHTER on a handheld! The GAMEBOY ADVANCE version of the classic SUPER STREET FIGHTER 2 is awesome. All of the characters are here with all of their moves. At first I found the controlling a little awkward -- espically with the special moves. But with a little practice it's no problem. You can choose all of your fave characters (Ryu, Ken, Chun-Li, etc.) and they come equipped with all of their special moves and combos! I was impressed -- even the signature voices and music are all here! The graphics are great. It's crisp and clear -- just like the arcade version! You can choose up to 16 fighters plus 1 hidden (Akuma). Anyway the GBA version is very well put togther and it proves once again that SSF2 is still a top notch action/fighting game.
3	B00005NCCY	The blue bomber is back in a whole new adventure on the game boy advance but this time he has broken out of his signuture side scrolling action platformer format and has taken on the card battling rpg format???? Well before you megaman fans start yelling listen and read this review to find that this is one of the blue bombers greatest adventures yet.Gameplay 10/10Alright the gameplay is quite strange for Megaman so listin up you switch between Lan (a human kid in the real world) and Megaman EXE (Megaman's newest form a netnavi who goes through cyber space kicking (...)) now in the real world you as Lan go through a normal life in his futuristic world where everything is run by computers but this means viruses are much more in number and can be deadly so it's up to Lan to take Megaman to the electronic device that needs viruses cleared out of it or hostile netnavis as Megaman you use battle chips (microchips that give him weapons and abilities) you can get these through a turn based system a meter fills up and when it does you pick which chip out of five that you randomly pulled (kinda like your hand in a card game) but you are not limited to pulling just one chip per turn you can also make combos by pulling more than one of the same kind of chip of by pulling two chips of the same code. A code is put on the bottom of each chip two chips that have a H code can be played in the same turn even if they aren't the same kind of chip and chips that are the same can be played together even if they are not of identical code by the way new chips (which there are 175) can be obtain from detroying viruses for example if you detroy a dash virus you may get his chip depending on what kind of busting level you get busting level is a rank system which goes from 1-10 and S and you have a better chance of getting a chip if you get a 10 rank rather than a 5 now after you have selected your chips you can fight the viruses in a 3D battle arena which is split up into 18 panels 9 blue panels and 9 red panels you stand on the blue and cannot cross on to the red and and the same applies for you foes on the red you move about dogding attacks while launching your own its strange for Megaman but it works very well aside from battling in cyberspace you will also explore and solve puzzles many of which require you to be both Lan and Megaman to solve them example in cyberspace there is alocked door but it has a passnumber it is based on how many chairs are in Lans classroom in the real world therefore you must become Lan to solve the puzzle. A way this is a rpg is that Megaman can level up but not through exp points he levels up by finding upgrade items such as HPmemories which raises your overall HP (you start with 100) and Powerups which raise your power rapid and charge up powers of your buster these upgrades can be found in various areas of cyberspace or the real world or by buying them from merchants speaking of exploring that is another great thing about this game you can explore areas of cyberspace in just about anything electronic such as vending machines, game systems, tvs, and the most expansive area the internet but you can still explore the real world and interact with the people in the various towns particapate in netbattles where Megaman fights their netnavi and trade battle chips noy to mention while exploring you can try to get all the battle chips in the game. Also old fans will reconize old bosses reborn in this game such as Bombman Iceman Elecman and Protoman.Story 10/10The story begins as you are put into the role of Lan a 5th grader kid who is off to school in his futuristic world that is run completly by computers because of this viruses are larger in numbers and more deadly so much so that destroying them with your netnavi example Megaman is a big course in school on the way to school Lan walks with his freind Mayl who begins to tell him of a hacking net crime organization the world 3 or WWW that is becoming more know throughout the story Lan and Megaman Battle the WWW to stop their evil plans but unlike old Megaman games you don't just pick a boss stage and go there you fight WWW as events unfold in the game.Bottom Line 10/10It will take you at long time to master this game trying to find all the battle chips reaching level 100 and battling WWW will keep you busy for quite awhile.
3	B00005NCCY	Very, very cool game. Most original battle system ever. The graphics really good for a GBA. The theme and storyline is childish, but hey, I'm 40 years old and I wish I could relive my youth. Don't pass it up guys!
3	B00005NCCY	This game was a bit confusing when I first started to play, because who really reads the instruction manual nowadays?It's really easy to learn because Megaman tells you what to do. Yeah you heard me, Megaman tells you what to do.That's because Megaman has been reduced to a computer program called a PET,who fights computer viruses, and learns a helluva lot of moves. You get battle chips, which are tradeable with friends, and you get $$Money for laying the smackdown on various Virii. Alot of old school bad guys are PETs. Gutsman, Fireman, Stoneman just to name a few, along with new Bad Guys like Number Man who seems to be an Evil Math Teacher Incarnate.I give this game 7/5 Stars. 5 for the obvious awesomeness of this game, 1 for making Battle Chips Tradable, and 1 for not having crappy Pokemon Style Graphics.
3	B00005NCCY	Graphics 8/10: This game has really good graphics but they are on such a small screen that it's hard to even really notice. If you don't mind the small screen then you will love the graphics for the game.Gameplay 7/10: The gameplay is really original but not all that great. Basically, you run around different maps (which there aren't that many different ones) and use your PET (A wierd protector thingy in the virtual world) to &quot;jack&quot; into any electronic thing to defeat viruses. The only reason I rated this only a 7 was because the world inside the electronic devices are so crazy that you can never find your way around, which gets really annoying when you have to get somewhere far away. The battling is probably the best part of this game. In battle you and your opponent get 3x3 squares to stand on. There are also, later in the game, obsticals in the field to move around. In battle you can move around in real time instead of turn-based. By pressing both triggers together when the &quot;custom&quot; bar reaches full, you can pick between all your collected &quot;battle chips&quot; which you get in the real world. Battle chips are kind of like magics, but they can only be used once. You only get to have 30 of your battle chips in battle so choose wisely. Their are I think 175 battle chips.Sound 10/10: I gave it a 10/10 because i never really think about the sound so I don't really care if it's good or bad.Replay Value 8/10: This is one of the only RPG's i've ever played that has replay value. What really makes this game great is collecting all the battle chips. Their are 175 so this takes a while but it is fun and it helps you in battle. Unfortunatly, you don't get anything that incredible when you get them all except bragging rights.Overall Score 8.25/10: This game is great but the second one is definetly better. Too bad you can't bring your battle chips over to the second one. Oh well....
3	B00005NCCY	When I first played this game it was a bit confusing but after a while you start getting hooked onto it. It's pretty long which makes it better. The storyline is that you are partners with Megaman and you can hack into the net and into other kinds of electronics. The WWW is a bad group of people who want to take over the net. You can buy data chips and equip them to Megaman so you can fight those evil viruses on the net and (if you can) stop the WWW. This is a great game with cool graphics.
3	B00005NCCY	Mega Man Battlew Network for the GBA is a nice game that is unlike most Mega Man games. In this Mega Man game, you fight on a grid with you on one side and the enemy on another side. On this grid, you can fire as many shots as you want and can choose a special card from a group to use. This is quite fun and most people should enjoy it. When not in battle, you can move around freely and talk to people. You can fight some of the PETs of these people. The plot is pretty basic though there is a small twist. When hooked to the net, you can get into random battles and earn money. There is also a small RPG element present. You can earn upgrades to Mega Man and improve his health, attack, etc. The only problem is that the game can become frustrating if you cannot find out where to go next.
3	B00005NCCY	Megaman Battle Network is the newest addition to the Megaman spin-offs. This series takes place in an alternate universe of the original, where Megaman, Roll, and Protoman are all Digital life forms called Navis. As always you control Megaman as well as his human operator 10-year old Lan Hikari. Together Lan and Megaman must fight the battle of their lives as they take on the WWW. Whether your a fan of Megaman or of Digimon Tamers (which this series was inspired off of) or both you'll enjoy this game, and it's plot twists.
3	B00005NCCY	Its basically Megaman in a pokemon RPG format.  I am not a big fan of these kind of games, but my brother loves it so I gave it a good review.
3	B00005NCCY	As of 2002, Mega Man has been around for 15 years. Needless to say, the little guy has been quite prolific, hopping deftly from game platform to platform and bravely exploring and acquiring the skills of new genres. Aside from numerous action outings, the Blue Bomber has raced carts, played soccer, and has even entered a few fighting tournaments. After testing the waters in the Legends series, Mega Man has donned an .exe file extension and entered the Battle Network in a traditional RPG for the Game Boy Advance. Battle Network is the story of a boy and his PET. In the year 20XX, humankind has entered the &quot;network age.&quot; To navigate this high-tech world, it has become necessary for every man, woman, and child to carry portable exploration devices known as PETs. Each PET has a personality which manifests in the form of a Net navi. These trusty digital assistants help you navigate the Net, check your e-mail, and battle against malicious code. After deleting a nasty virus from his oven, which charred his breakfast and very nearly his own mother, fifth grader Lan and his best friend/Net navi Mega Man begin to investigate the nefarious WWW organization. While Lan searches the real world for clues, he'll be able to jack in to various computers and electronic devices. In the cyberworld, Mega Man takes over the active role. As Mega Man, you'll be able to do a bit of online shopping to upgrade your battle capabilities, visit your friends' computers, and do a liberal amount of virus busting.Whether you're controlling Mega Man or Lan, you'll be able to talk to the character you're not currently playing as for direction and support. When you're at a loss as to where to go or what to do, your partner should be able to provide at least a vague idea of what you should be doing. At certain points, you'll have to switch control back and forth to accomplish your goal. For instance, Lan may have to reboot a crashed computer to open up the way for Mega Man. The battle system of Battle Network is probably its most original and compelling feature. Unlike in a traditional RPG, skill is a primary factor here. Mega Man does gain levels by installing upgrade programs to increase hit points and attack power, but in true Mega Man tradition, quick reflexes and recognizing attack patterns can take you far. Battles take place on a 3-by-8 grid, initially split in two, dividing your area from the enemy's. You and the enemy will move and attack in real time, which results in fast-paced but strategic encounters.In addition to his tried-and-true buster arm, Mega Man will use battle chips to aid him in battle. Each has a different range and effect. He will have a multitude of damage-dealing chips, such as spreader and longsword, as well as chips that can steal or destroy tiles, recover life, or even call in another navi for help. You initially start with five chips randomly chosen from your folder, and when the battle gauge at the top of the screen is full, you will receive more battle chips. As in a card battle game, collecting new chips and managing your folder will give you an edge in battle. Choosing chips with similar names or codes can allow you to use more than one chip at a time or perform powerful special attacks. New battle chips can be traded, rewarded for efficient deletion of enemies, or found online. The game's battle system aptly captures the essence of Mega Man, and so does the colorful visual style. The boy in blue himself has been smartly redesigned, as have other classic characters like Roll, Guts Man, and Proto Man. There are an abundance of visual and verbal references that fans will immediately pick up on, and the accompanying music matches up just as well as the visuals. Largely due to the battle system, the game is quite engaging and is in many ways unique among RPGs. If there's something that might hold you back from enjoying the game, it's the lighthearted and somewhat goofy story. However, the game doesn't take itself too seriously, so neither should you. Filling your folder with rare and powerful battle chips, battling against Net crime, and reveling in the silliness of the &quot;network age&quot; can make for a very worthwhile gaming experience.
3	B00005NCCY	It may not be the megaman we all know an love, but it's something special all right.  The game is a great take on the megaman series and is very fun.  You select battle chips as weapons and you get the battle chips from defeating others on the net.About my only complant is it gets boring.  Running back and forth and back and forth.  I guess thats a flaw with a fair amount of rpgs though.  Great game though, but I doubt I'll buy the sequal since it doesn't seem to differ much.
3	B00005NCCZ	If you thought the Megaman X series would end..well its justs keeps going!  It gets better every time.  So this game features the use of X and Zero.  YOu get 3 different types of armor for X.  My personal favorite is the Shadow armor which can make you slice the saber really fast and stick to ceilings.  This is one of the many great things in this game.  So this is the game to get for all you Megaman fans.
3	B00005NCCZ	This is so hard i only beat one boss. Im still wondering if i should get Mega man 8 instedt.
3	B00005NCCZ	After reading all the horrible reviews this game got, I had to write a review to defend it. What is wrong with you people?!!? This is a very fine game!Graphics 10/10 Getting better all the time!Sound/music 10/10 great Japanese song at beginning! Sound remains unchanged.Gameplay 11/10 First off the biggest flaw in MMX5 is fixed: no more messages from Alia! Instead, a ! will appear at the bottom of the screen an you press select to hear the message, or you can skip it. More armors, cool bosses, more fun! Also, it has a new Reploid rescue challange. Quite fun! X also has Zero's powerful Z-Sabre!Challange: 10/10 SPICY! Obviously Capcom's response to the people who hated MMX5 because it was too easy. The 1st boss in Gate's  Lab is hard! Gate is almost impossible! Metal Shark Player's level is insane! I love it!A lot of people hate this game for many dumb reasons. Here are the most common reasons, and here's my response to all of them:1.  Bad TranslationSo? I only discovered 3 mistakes. You guys are all nerds!2. SigmaDoes it matter if he's the final boss? I mean really! He's always different!3. Japanese voiceSo!4. Complicated story!sooooooooooooooooooooooooo?This game is very underrated. Please buy it!
3	B00005NCCZ	Every game has some problems. This game had a lot of them. However, that's what they get for working on two games simultaniously. Yes, you heard right. Mega Man X5 and X6 were produced by two different teams, almost at the same time. Work for these games started about a year and a half after X4's release, about the time Legends 1 made its debut. Then Legends 2 went into production, and Capcom came up with ways to tie Legends and X in together. So, with 3 Mega Man games in production at (close to, not exactly!) the same time, the plot has more holes in it than a car being gunned down by the Mafia. The biggest one is the obvious misinterpretation of the 3 years/3 weeks anomaly. In actuality the time span between X5 and X6 is three weeks.What's interesting about the last two games though is that they tie in to the Legends series. I don't remember exactly what game it's in, but X does indeed comment at the end that one of his ambitions is to build a new space colony that he calls Elysium, which is exactly what the space colony in Legends 2 was called.Although the two games are similar in style and all, the contrasts between the two are vast. X5 was unbelievably unbalanced and easy, and could more than easily be beaten in one day given the time. X6 is difficult - probably one of the most difficult Mega Man games yet. Not only does it bombard you with enemies, but those Nightmare creatures can be a real pain in the arse. There's also a flaw in this game which no other Mega Man game has - the ability to get stuck. Yep, literally stuck! In most of these cases, the only way out of these screwy areas is to kill yourself and start over again.A very noteable feature on this game is the Japanese voice acting. Personally, I liked it. Some people think it was Capcom being lazy this time around. Well that may very well have been the case, but hey it's better than those crappy American voices, right?? At least we're hearing the voices as they should be....Overall, I liked this game. It's definitely lacking in terms of polish and last minute checks, but it's still an entertaining game, providing you've played Mega Man before. DON'T let this or X5 be your first time playing Mega Man! Chances are that you'll be scarred to play any others.Start with X4, and if you like that one, RENT the other two first, and then make buying decisions.
3	B00005NCCZ	K.  Here's the deal with X6: it's hard.  Mostly, though, it's not the hard as in, needs skill and timing and practice, but hard as in, "they" fill the screen with as much [stuff] as they can, and you just have to try and survive...  When I first played the game, I was so infuriated at the lameness that I couldn't play it for a week.  But I'm glad I started again.  Once you take the time to learn the levels, it's a really fun game.  Plot kinda remind's me o' X3, and Zero needs to STAY DEAD,...  But it's fun.Also, the levels arn't "randomly generated" as much as they're randomly altered...
3	B00005NCCZ	[I want to apologize for making this review so long, but I felt as though this game needed to be explained thoroughly.]Mega Man X6(2001). Part six of seven.After the somewhat disappointing X5, another sequel appeared less than a year later. How is this possible? According to another reviewer, apparently both X5 and X6 were created at the same time by two different teams under Capcom. For the most part, X6 is a combination of X5's style and X3's complexity. It contains the same graphics and classic gameplay as the previous two X games, but there are several features to this game that set it apart from the others. Here's the breakdown:PROS:-THANKFULLY, THERE ARE NO MORE MANDATORY ALIA MESSAGES! Capcom realized this mistake from X5 and made this feature optional. A small "!" appears in the corner when you reach key points in the stage and if you ever need them (true MM junkies don't) just press select. Finally, we get completely uninterrupted gameplay!-The difficulty has been Vamped up drastically. This can be a good thing and a bad thing (more on the bad later). The good thing is that the game is no longer a cake-walk to beat like X4 and X5. The enemies will definitely give the player something to keep busy with.-Perhaps the most non-linear X game in the series. By that I mean all the levels are vast, containing two different exits, and large arena-rooms to explore. Plus, the secret items are all cleverly scattered. You have to do more thinking than ever before to obtain some of them.-The sound effects are slightly different than before. Now the explosions really let out a BANG! Also, some of the stage tunes are a return to X4's techno hardrock style, namely the Heatnix, Wolfgang, Mijinion, and Shark stages.-Rescuing the 128 different reploids. This adds even more depth to X6 and allows the player to gain enhancements by rescuing them.-X can now use the Z-saber! While it is not very good as a rapid attack weapon, it does help to reflect projectiles in the heat of combat.CONS-Okay, now the bad thing about the difficulty: SOME AREAS IN THE GAME LEAD TO POINTLESS FRUSTERATION. When I say that enemies come in endless waves, I mean that they throw everything and the kitchen sink at you. It comes to the point where even a veteran MM gamer cannot make it through each stage without losing lives. THE NIGHTMARE SYSTEM DOES NOT HELP THIS. Often times annoyances like meteors, fireflies, blackouts, and impassible silver blocks will take more effort to get through than normal stage enemies, which is nonsense. AND ITS ALL RANDOMLY GENERATED.-THERE ARE TOO MANY NIGHTMARE ENEMIES. In some stages like the museum, most every enemy you face will be one of those. A little more variety in the bestiary would have benefited.-Besides the four tracks I mentioned, the rest of the music is dull, boring, popish, and often annoying. I personally cannot stand the museum stage tune. AND WHAT'S WITH THE GRUNGE INTRO TRACK? This does not even fit with the X universe!-LEVELS ARE NOT RANDOMLY GENERATED LIKE THE BOX CLAIMS. Okay Capcom, I don't care if the levels were actually random or not, but it's a really bad move to make a boast about a feature that's not there.-Once again, the bosses are rather easy to beat. This is a bit of a letdown after how incredibly hard some of the stages are. Contrary to this though, the mini-boss High Max, seems almost too difficult to beat.-Like the whale stage in X5, THE REPEATING JUNK-BALL MINI BOSS IN HEATNIX'S STAGE GETS TEDIOUS AFTER GOING THROUGH THE STAGE MORE THAN TWICE. It hurts the most when you're going back to rescue just one reploid.-The story pretty much shot down the drain with this game. The cutscenes, though voice-acted in Japanese, drag on for a looooooong time. Like I said with X5, BRING BACK THE ANIME CUTSCENES! Zero should either be here to stay or gone for good. None of this "dramatic death and resurrection" junk. One other thing, STOP RESURRECTING SIGMA! Play X6 for the gameplay itself, not the story.-Once a reploid gets caught by a nightmare, he can never be rescued again. In order to get him back, you have to reload the game. This can get annoying with some reploids.-X can obtain two excellent pairs of armor (Blade, and Shadow), BUT GETTING THEM REQUIRES YOU TO ENDURE THE RANDOM NIGHTMARE SYSTEM UNTIL THE RIGHT HAZARD COMES ALONG IN A PARTICULAR STAGE. You can't acquire anything else without them.X6 as a whole is a fun, challenging, and more often than not, a frusterating game. However I only recommend this one to experienced gamers, as this is one of the hardest MM titles to date. With a bit more work, this game could have easily been a classic. Despite all the shortcomings, it succeeds in retaining the classic 2D gameplay that makes Mega Man games what they are. I'm only being so critical on this game because I am an incredibly big MM fan who cares about the series. The story is the weakest part of X6, but give the game a chance. It's at least worth playing through one time. Get equipped with bubble lead all over again and go give it a shot.
3	B00005NCCZ	Play this game first with Zero before you get Mega Man Zero. This game is okay put it gets dull because it is the same old same old I wish capcom offered something different besides Mega Man having Zero saber. I got this game because I wanted to see the story of the Mega Man X saga continue. Good news the next Mega Man X game Mega Man X7 will be on PS2 and in 3D.
3	B00005NCCZ	I am a huge MEgaman Fan.  In fact I got into the X series through #4 (I didn't have a SNES so I couldn't play 7, or the first 3 X games).  The fluid animation fo the enemies, voices, and anime cut scenes had me hooked.  Then when #5 hit we had voices in english, but not Anime cutscens, we had pictures and written dialouge.  OK forgivable, now #6 comes out and what we have are Japanese voices in both the clips and enemy voices.  This is like Deception 3 all of a sudden.However through that little flaw we have magnificent gameplay areas.  The levels are virtually the same except through the little Nightmare feature they will sometimes feature a little change in the level (jungle), or a huge change (recycle center)and so you have to go back and find more hidden surprises.  Also you must rescue people or else little enemy nightmares will infect them and they will vanish or die (your choice).Now the bosses.  The bosses some are incredibly simple, or barbarically difficult.  Once you beat Blaze Heatlix you can take out most of them though.  Also these guys have no weapon weakness thus it makes the whole fun of getting variouse weapons pointless.On a side note however this game is fun, but very frustrating.  As a wordm of advice, don't even think about taking out the final level without the Shadow Armor and 2 subtanks.  First boss alone will drain them.
3	B00005NCD0	I remember buying this game for my Super Nintendo years ago. The game was made by Capcom, but distributed by Squaresoft, and anything by Square had to be good, right?Anyway, the game itself was fun, if standard. You control Ryu as he and his merry band of adventurers attempt to defeat an evil dragon (whose name escapes me now, I am sorry to say). Of course, the story spirals from here, and you are caught up in a plot by a goddess to rule the world. By today's standards, it may seem trite, but there are many bonuses (for example, how many games let you fish?). Your characters (eight or nine in total) each have special abilities, allowing you to open secret areas, which adds to the replay value. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed the game, although I think it has been seven or eight years since I played it. However, I am sure that the Advance version will have new bonuses, so needless to say, I'll be killing a few MORE hours with this game. I think it is worth checking out...
3	B00005NCD0	I first played Breath of Fire 10 years ago, back when the SNES was all the rage, and I am reminded of how much fun it was. Though it was not as good as the Final Fantasy games, it is a decent RPG. I am glad I have it again, since the SNES cart is a rare find these days.The original 16-bit graphics and music have been restored, making the game feel very retro. This is a major plus for me, because I cannot imagine Playstation quality graphics on such a tiny system. Every element of the original is here: the battle system, the characters, the secrets, and the stories. The story is typical RPG standard, which now seems cliched since all the similar RPGs have come out on the PSX. But I always say that the originals are the best, and I am not wrong in this case.The only real drawback to this version is the often fuzzy sound, which can be quite annoying. The editorial review mentioned that the sound is a bit tinny, but I found it more fuzzy. Maybe it is just a problem with my GBA, but I haven't noticed it on any other game.BOF is a nastalgia trip for me, and will prove just as good for first time players. It is one of the classic RPGs, and one I recommend getting before it becomes rare like the older versions.
3	B00005NCD0	Reviewed for Big Boss Games by: T.R.C.Breath of Fire by Capcom for the Gameboy Advance, Gameboy Micro and Nintendo DS. This is yet another port from the SNES to the GBA system. Breath of fire is one of the lesser-known RPG's that turned out to be really good.You start out as a young teen and your town is under attack from the DARK dragons.Your older sister sacrifices herself to save you and the town. Thus starts your quest for revenge. You meet up with a Princess, a Thief, a Bad Merchant, a Wolfen-Hunter, a Mole person, the Brute Ox, and a Sorceress. All of them have talents you will need to get your revenge. Be prepared for a 20 hour-long quest.Graphics 7/10 - For a GBA based game the graphics are good. There are some movie-like full motion videos.Music 5/10 - Same as the SNES version, Capcom could have updated it.Gameplay 9/10 - Fun and addictive, some of the mini-games like fishing, digging, and hunting were lots of fun.Battle System 6/10 - The same turn based system we all know and love, with the addition of being able to turn into a dragon and morph into a mix of the people on your team. The magic system is earned in levels and by finding the spells.Overall 7/10 - The game was fun and kept me entertained until the very end.My only complaint is that they could have updated the story and the music a bit. Burn Baby Burn!
3	B00005NCD0	My first recollection of Breath of fire came with Breath of Fire 2 for the SNES. While I admit, it was an awesome game in its own right. I was anxious to round up the original for it. But, alas, I wasn't able to. Now, with the Gameboy Advance, I finally get the chance to check out the Classic. So, what can I tell you about Breath of Fire for the Gameboy Advance....Well, it's been an absolute blast to play. I hadn't been able to put it down since I got it for Christmas. I've even brought it to work with me a time or two to play. Graphically, it's very colorful and animated. There's alot of exploration, and things to do in the game. Hundreds of spells to do battle with and battles galore. You can even exchange items with your GBA link cable. For a classic RPG, I highly recommend it to all.Given it's not Final Fantasy but it's just as good. If not better in some respects. It's definately worth the price of admission.Do yourself a favor and check it out.
3	B00005NCD0	I will say I have had this game on my Snes (Super Nintendo Entertainment system) It was Awesome then and the GBA (Game Boy Advance) version is IMO just as good with little cut from the SNES version I played in the 90'.The story is classic and simplistic You have your basic evil attempts the destroy the hero and the hero save's the world. with a few twist and turns and slight back story to the hero and his companions. ( stays to the roots of when if first was released on the Snes).The controls are okay not so simple but once you figure them out they are a breeze.This is a classic JRPG and stays to the roots of the 90's.If your a JRPG fan and a classic RPG fan this title will be fun.
3	B00005NCD0	This game was originally released on the SNES. Back then there were a bunch of fighting games, beat-'em-ups and RPGs. There were so many that sometimes the better ones went unheard of. This was one of the best RPGs that hardly made a ripple when it came out. I liked it better that any Final Fantasy of its day. It had elements unseen before its time. Anybody spoiled to post SNES games won't be able to appreciate what a great game this truely is.
3	B00005NCD0	I never played the SNES version of this game, so it isn't just a matter of nostalgia for me - I really loved this game.  The world had so many places to explore and the puzzles were really challenging (just see how easy it is to get anywhere when you can't see the walls).  I didn't have to spend all my time leveling either.  I genuinely liked the characters and there are lots of different items, weapons, and equipment to play with.  The only thing that bothered me was that it only had one save slot. It's definitely easy to make a critically bad decision in this game, so I would have preferred to be able to alternate save files in case I regret something I did later. It uses the typical method of saving only in certain places (usually in towns), but it will keep a temporary save if you need to turn it off.
3	B00005NCD0	Here is another classic game that i somehow missed. People who complain that this game has outdated graphics or sound dont really seem to understand that  this was a SNES game & the start of the new series.  Very few ports gets a graphic upgrade but playing this game on the DS will make this game look great.  Anyways this game gave me alot of entertainment.  I would get stuck in various places not knowing where to go & even though the save points were pretty rare in this game they were available.  I never had a problem with the saving in this game & i think with some of the newer games they tend to have too many save points.  Overall i think this is a great game & a true RPG like Final Fantasy.
3	B00005NCD0	As much as people complain about this game having no plot I still love it. The characters are really neat. Instead of your obligatory healer mage figher thief you get a hero who can turn into dragons, you get a healer with bird wings. everyone in your party has something unique about them ...except karn....who is basically a load until he learns to fuse with other characters...Maybe im sick but I wish Bleu was my girlfriend! something about that snake body and those fangs... Did I say that out loud? What I meant was...shes a good....warrior... Actually shes the best damn character in the game hands down. So make sure you put the snake lady in when shes available.I dont see why people are bitching about difficulty, being lost, and clicheness. I think FF has spoiled everyone personally. Anyone ever play FF1? Disaster!! In fact go play FF1 then come back and play this game. Sure you dont get any rewards for things, your not some bloody mercenary. What do you want anyway? I personally tire of some jerk chucking a new sword at me every time i save his town/life/family. Its like gee guy think you could have let me have that before I was almost eviscerated by the beastie over here?This is a strictly old school experience, but its fun. Yeah sure the main character is a mute, but....cmon...just...make up things for him to say...like "whoa!" or...."I have a bad feeling about this..." Thats what I do.I will say that after awhile you might get tired of equipping items with charming names like Slm clk.... Slam Clock? Salem Clerk? what the hell is it!!!
3	B00005NCD0	Shaken by the lack of excitement or engrossment upon PS1's Breath of Fire III, I shook my head in disgrace, feeling betrayed by a series in which I held in such appreciation.  A full fledged Fantasy reader by that time, the lackluster and insipid dialogue dragged me far, far away from Capcom's RPG.  But its not to say I was never a fan.  I was.  And, if extrapolations are accurate, BoF V will come out bursting in noble bearing and reestablish my fanhood.  I am though, very fond of the first two BoF games.  Both games, early drafts of the future fabrication of traditional RPGs, had an excuse to have unsavory dialogue of today's gut-wrenching standards.  Anyway, back in the day, BoF was an underrated landmark of RPG greatness.  Vaguely recalling how I lost my copy for the SNES (I think it revolved around a starving kid and one of his favorite RPGs), I felt compelled to revisit the game on the GBA.  Borrowing it from a friend, then stuffing my flabby butt on a warm, cozy couch, reasons why I was so intrigued with BoF slowly seeded and came into palpable emergence.Square originally published the game, hence the word PUBLISH.  They did not get their hands in the grim and take part in the actual production. Capcom did.  In their effort, they shaped something entirely new and unsuspectingly praiseworthy.  Unlike most plot-driven RPGs, an RPG to have a story woven around dragons is enormously sporadic.  Personally embracing a scenario set in the combat of dragons, I found myself coaxed and immersed into a nifty plot.The tale picks up when Ryu, a dragon disguised as a blue-hair human, sets out to envelop vengeance on the wicked Dark Dragon Clan.  Leaving Ryu's home village in ashes, the Dark Dragon Clan then focuses their sights on freeing Tyr, the female apocalypse.  Ryu, ordained by his higher ranks, must prevent this with his personal score to settle.  On his lengthy journey, he enlists the aid of a few comrades, and ultimately helps them resolve their sticky origins.  What struck me most about BoF was the balls Capcom had.  They presented some of the most oddball characters ever made.  Characters like Gobi (a Fish-man), Bo (a Wolf-man), and the Mogu (a Mole-man) wouldn't have been so well received in today's grueling critiques.  Nevertheless, the likable cast is quite a departure to be had.Gameplay-wise, the traditional RPG menu of Fight, Magic, Item, and Defend are faithfully intact.  BoF is  your customary fantasy quest with all the stereotypical dungeons and environments to delve into.  What truly set BoF apart form Traditional RPG counterparts though, is Ryu's ability to morph into a number of mighty dragons.  Each dragon had its magical property, cladding the game in sorts of strategic value.  All throughout the vast lands, Dragon Shines were found.  When Ryu entered one, he and he alone proceeded in a  backbreaking duel with another dragon to gain its type.  Gratifying the challenge appetite, those shrine battles were  particularly unforgiving, but with time and re-evaluating the line of attacks, success reeled in.Outside the shelter of friendly towns, the game is played in a 2D overview and the party usually went to explore dungeons and what not.  Each character had a special skill not directly found in combat but in discovering pathways, those are Ox who demolishes walls and  Mogu who dug passageways underground.  Together with all the trappings of an old-school RPG, BoF has some addictive minigames.Bo is a professional when it came to his use of bow and arrow, and he snapped the bowstring when animals were found moving on screen.  The hides of animals are traded in towns for several items.  But of all the minigames, Ryu's ability to fish was awkwardly addicting.  Nicely executed, BoF on the GBA identically matches the SNES experience.On its presentation, the graphics on the GBA are nearly indistinguishable as the original.  The only exceptions are the upgraded view of vibrancy.  Not flamed with glamour like Golden Sun, BoF is as simple as colorful pixel art.  Hey, with its fluid sprite animation and additions of new face portraits, I have no latent quibble.  The tunes are swell, stuffed in the right moments and keeps a hale and hearty overall feel.  Besides, the discharging world music is godsend, briefly hypnotizing me back into what I haven't played in ages.For the most part, BoF employed and triggered old SNES nostalgia.  Grateful of the GBA port, I propose RPG fans to take a look.  If and only if your expectations are sky-high in a game's design, and if you do have a copy of Breath of Fire with a healthy SNES, I wouldn't go as far as to purchase it, because the enhancements are minimal.  Replete with all the trimmings of a lustrous old-school combination of sorts, BoF is a whipping combination of blueprints on how Traditional RPGs came to be.  Even in a new era of gaming and the lack of fancy-schmancy graphics, I hope never to return this enjoyable cartridge to my pal, because friends are for the taking and this little gem is already lodged along the likes of Golden Sun and portable Zelda greats.
3	B00005NCD0	Final Fantasy aside, Breath of Fire is one of the longest-running RPG series around, and the handheld version of the first adventure gets decent treatment. Yet despite the re-appearance of the game's fresh visuals and unique play aspects, the lifeless narrative doesn't provide the immersive experience that you'd expect. Originally released by Square on the Super NES in 1994, Breath of Fire arrives on the Game Boy Advance with enhanced cinemas, but otherwise remains unchanged. You play as Ryu, a lone hero who can also transform into a variety of powerful dragons. During the course of Ryu's quest, various characters join your party, each with their own personal demons and diversions that involve the entire team. An RPG's lifeblood is a strong story, but BoF's narrative is remarkably uninvolving. You'll spend a lot of time engaging in mundane tasks-&quot;talk to A, then B, then A again, and then C&quot;-and navigating a series of seemingly endless mazes. Even the turn-based battles lack flair, except for the boss battles. Be prepared to spend a lot of time with this one, but a new Dash feature speeds you through the game and saves batteries. BoF delivers a tight visual and audio package. Colorful sprites fill the screen with arresting colors and special effects, while the soundtrack provides decent music accompanied by muted sound effects. Workmanlike controls feature easy menu navigation and responsive character movement. On the whole, Breath of Fire is an enjoyable RPG that easily kills spare time. Just don't expect a thoroughly involving adventure on the same level as later games in the series.
3	B00005NCD0	This game is an awsome game all in all, the graphics are smooth, gameplay is simple, and the game itself is very challenging. Your this boy Ryu who can change into dragons. Your acompanied by a colorful cast of characters including, moles, wolves, fish, and mages.The only flaw in this game is the storyline, it kinda [stinks]...................bigtime. But this is one of the most wierdly crafted games to come. Sometimes, you have no idea where to go in the game, or othertimes, you have to find items that are nearly immpossible to locate. This will definatley bother you, as it did me.But this is a good game to get for yer GBA, and you should definatley give it a try.Other great RPG GBA games, Golden Sun, Robopon 2 ( both versions ), Megaman Battlenetwork 2, Breath of Fire 2
3	B00005NCD0	The original Breath of Fire! You start out as "Ryu", one of the villagers of a dragon clan that is being attacked. A very short time in the beginning of the game you don't do much, otherwise than moving around. It'll then follow the scene where your character is frozen but soon afterward you'll be able to continue on.Pro's:-"Animated" Turn-base fighting, the characters don't just "stand" then "move foward" then do an attack. The graphics are designed where they actually "move" while their idle/fighting, and react to being hit. Which was pretty cool seeing that most of the TB games back there were just "standing around".-"Nina" seems like the smaller version of the "grown-up-nina" in BOF2-Minigames such as fishing are fun in their origin.-Different characters to add to your party.Con's:-Gameplay is dated along with graphics-SNES direct port-Music is dated-Random Battles-Be prepared to walk around alot-May seem "short" by today's standardsBreath of Fire is the start of the original series. Although not as good as it's second installment (BOF) it is still a cool game to add to any oldschool gamer's collection.
3	B00005NEAG	This is a great game that will provide a ton of enjoyment for gamers, even those who aren't avid tennis fans.  Hell, even the original Pong was a kickash game that was addictive as all gets out, and Tennis 2K2 simply takes that original classic premise and amplifies it to involve more skill, more complexities, more details, more of everything.  The graphics aren't too shabby either.  Unfortunate that this game was released so late in the Dreamcast's life cycle.
3	B00005NEAG	I had the Virtua Tennis and played it until my thumb cramped and the tour was comleted. Now I get to see Venus and Serina. The addition of women was a plus. Agassi and Sampras would've been a nice addition but Tommy Haas holds his own on this version as well as the last. Gameplay is great on any level. I play only on the top level and seem to have no problem winning. I do lose more than I win, but it increases your skill and causes you to make better shots......hint: work the angles and keep the other guy guessing your shot.oNe
3	B00005NEAG	Tennis 2K2 has a very similar feel to its predecessor, Virtua Tennis. The gameplay mechanics is virtually identical. The main difference is that 2K2 now has a few new shot selections. The other difference is that 2K2 now includes female players.You get well known tennis gals such as Venus and Serena Williams, Lindsay Davenport, Monica Seles, and Mary Pierce. The men's side features a weak lineup of players(Patrick Rafter is the most well known).You get Tournament, Exhibition, and World Tour along with training and create-a-player modes. The graphics is smoother and you have a wider selection of courts, which include 'hard', 'clay', 'grass', and 'turf'(there's also a mystery courts you can buy).For those familiar with Virtua Tennis, this game will feel like a smooth extension with more precise game-play and the ability to choose the women players. One of the best tennis games out there for the Sega Dreamcast.
3	B00005NEAG	Ah, Virtua Tennis.  It provided so many hours of fun - and easy-to-learn, hard-to-master pick-up-and-play classic, with amazing graphics and a masterful 4-player mode.  And here is the sequel, Tennis 2K2, which takes the basic formula of the first game and expands upon it, and the result is not only an improvement, but an altogether better game.Sega added the game to its already excellent Sega Sports line, and as a result, the gameplay is more of a simulation than the arcadey Virtua Tennis.  In addition, there are now sixteen licensed players, from Patrick Rafter to Jelena Dokic.  The players look unbelievably realistic, down to the smallest detail.  Monica Seles makes her trademark grunts, Tim Henman hitches his shoulders while he serves, Lindsay Davenport has her familiar racket windup, etc etc.  It's almost eerie how true to life the players are - a vast improvement over the rather grotesque characters from the first game.  There are now 28 courts, a HUGE addition over Virtua Tennis, and some of them are just gorgeous.  The Rio court at dusk is particularly wonderous, giving the court and players a glow that's magnificent to behold.The gameplay, while similar to VT, has undergone a few changes, making the game much more challenging.  You now have three types of shots: topspin, slice, and lob.  There is also much more attention paid to how powerful the shots are in relation to how close the player is to the ball, i.e. if the ball is close to you when you swing, you're not going to hit it very hard.  Positioning your player in order to get maximum shot power and control is vital, adding a whole layer of strategy to the game.  Thankfully, the too-often diving of the first game has been practically eliminated, as players lunge for balls just out of reach.  If you should dive, however, you jump back to your feet in no time - a much-welcome improvement.  You can also return serves with much more power, if you're in the right place.  This makes the game more balanced, as the server was usually victorious in Virtua Tennis.  The players have much more range now, which results in longer, more strategic matches.  You cannot jump into Tennis 2K2 and expect victory right away if you've mastered VT - it's necessary to learn the subtle details all over again.  Despite these new complexities, the game still retains the same charm and playability of the original.  Credit Sega for not just re-releasing Virtua Tennis with new graphics - T2K2 is a much different, but no less enjoyable game. The best thing about the improved gameplay is it gives you more control over your player and his/her shots.Tournament (arcade) and Exhibition modes are, in fact, set up the same as VT:  pick a player (or players) and hit the courts.  There is a mixed doubles option, as you cannot play two males against two females.  However, the World Circuit Mode has seen some pretty drastic changes.  You create a male and female player using rather limited options, and start training in your quest to become #1 in the world (you start ranked at 300th).  You follow a 12-month calendar, on which different singles and doubles matches are displayed for you to enter.  In between matches, you train your players using different trials, much like the first game, but instead of winning money, you improve your player's statistics in various categories (forehand power, foot speed, serve control, etc.).  These training matches have the same unusual charm as VT's:  you'll try to knock items off a conveyer belt to improve your serve, try to catch flags while avoiding being hit by balls fired from tennis machines, and even play a strange tennis version of Othello.  These quirky minigames are just as wonderful and addictive as before, and Bulls' Eye and Pin Crasher make repeat appearances. It's very necessary to train, as your players begin basically at zero and will lose matches immediately unless you train.  When you think you're ready, you can enter a match.  If you win, you get money, which you can then spend in the various shops for doubles partners, additional outfits, racket upgrades, and more arenas for Exhibition Mode.  You also improve your rank, imperative as you must have a certain rank in order to enter higher tournaments.  These changes are, again, intended to make the game more of a simulation than an arcade experience, but it's set up in such an intuitive and compelling way that it's more enjoyable.  You'll get attached to your created players quickly, and you can even use them in the game's other modes.Tennis 2K2 is a gorgeous-to-look-at masterpiece that has even deeper gameplay than the original, and is unmatched as a multiplayer party game and as a single-player experience.  It is a must-own classic that is the final hurrah for the dying Dreamcast, and is one of the system's top three games.  Enthusiastically recommended!
3	B00005NEAG	Wow!! Tennis 2K2, I love this game. Tennis 2K2 game is a little different from the Virtua Tennis game. This game have the female players along with the male players. Plus, the Williams sisters: Serena and Venus is on the game as well. Most likely, I play on the Exhibition Mode compete on the Double games. Which, my favorite player and partner is the Williams sisters: Serena and Venus.  Even though, I'm in my 30s and I still play video games just during my free time. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves Tennis.
3	B00005NEAH	I have enjoyed playing this game alot. Excellent graphics, fun gameplay. It may not be the most realistic nfl game out there but it is alot of fun. I played nfl 2k on the dreamcast and found it very playable. This has the same level of playability with better graphics. It is well worth the money to buy. Unless you have Madden. Both games are good and I enjoyed playing them both, but you probobly do not need to buy both games.
3	B00005NEAH	This game is great for those who really knows football. Your play calling has to be right on in order to keep your drive going. Miss your defensive assignment and you'll be burnt for big yardage. Everything about this game makes football sense. The gameplay is great. The graphic is great. This one is for the real fans!!
3	B00005NEAH	Two words for PS2 NFL2k2...BUY IT!!! This is the best football game ever created on ANY game system. Superior graphics and gameplay. It destroys all other football games including Madden. I have had every game system from 8bit Nintendo to the PS2 and all of them in between. I won the Super Bowl on Madden 2002, but NFL2k2 is quite a different challenge. Players move VERY FAST and  that in itself increases the enjoyment of the game. You will never be sorry you bought it unless you like sports games that have no challenge to them and you win every time.
3	B00005NEAH	I am a huge football video game fan! I sorta fell out of keeping up to date with the games and I'm sad to say the last football game I have bought was NFL gameday 97'!Well I put all that to an end and picked up NFL2k2 and I was just floored with how far they have come in football games since I bought my last! I spent about a week renting different football games and this one is it! The commentary is great the game play is outstanding and just the overall feel of the game is 2nd to none! This game is definitely the way to go with looking for your first or next football game!
3	B00005NEAH	Hey, Sega is a quality game manufacturer, and a good game is a good game after all.  Now I am using the DC version to go by, but the PS2 version will be just as good, probably better, right?Now, graphically, the game is awesome, not quite Madden 2002 awesome, but still great.  The player models are ok, but I find their heads to be too small, and their arms hang out from their bodies in a strange bow-armed way.  The sound is cool and the play-by-play is top-notch, a lot less annoying than hearing Madden talk about the &quot;big paws&quot; a DB has!!All we can do is wait and see, but if the DC version is any indication, NFL 2K2 could give the 5 star Madden 2002 a run for its money.
3	B00005NEAH	I am going to write a review of NFL2K2 but also compare it to MADDEN 2002 for those of you caught on the fence on which to buy.  I'll point out what each game does better over the other:NFL2K2 Does better Over Madden 2002 :1.Faster Gameplay : Just like the Real NFL.  Make quick and correct decisions or eat the turf.  Truly Realisitc to the Real game in this aspect.2.Great Defensive Line play : it's like a minigame to sack the qb.  Maddens d-line game is non-existant for the most part.3.Defensive backs actually play defense and cover people.  Unlike in madden where the CPU cheats(Cpu somehow knows who your passing to right when you start to hit the button).  Bad passes will get intercepted, so you have to be accurate with your throws and routes your run.4.Great graphics especially player facial renditions and taller player models.5.Better atmosphere/sounds/commentary than madden.  This part of the game NFL2K2 blows madden's sterile atmosphere away.MADDEN 2002 does better than NFL2K2:1.Better Depth to the game than nfl2k2: create team/stadium/logo ,  old time teams, 2minute drill minigame, etc...2.Player based momentum physics make the game more of a simulation.  Sometimes the momentum physics is a bit overdone but it is more true to life as in the NFL.3.Better running game than NFL2K2 but not by much.  Running the ball through the middle of the line is tough just like real life.  But sometimes sweeps are too easy.  But overall very good.4.Franchise mode in Madden 2002 is very deep.  Nfl2k2 has a decent franchise mode but Madden's is much much better.5.GAMEPLAY SILDERS : this is where Madden2002 does better than NFL2K2.  The gameplay sliders give the player freedom to set the difficulty of the game to the players skill level.In conclusion, both games are good.  NFL2K2 is more of a Fun game overall where whereas Madden is more of a simulation but a bit boring due to the lack of atmosphere. Both games feature good gameplay and option features that the other doesn't.
3	B00005NEAH	the Dreamcast NFL 2k1 i feel was a much better game than Madden 2001, however in comparing NFL 2k2 and Madden 2002, i would give the nod to Madden.NFL 2k2 is a good game built on the very solid 2k1 version; it updated the graphics this year to an already great looking game. IMHO the graphics are just nicer than Madden 2002 especially the facial close up. while Madden made great strides in their audio commentary, it pales in comparison to NFL 2k2's. the response is fairly quick (whereas Madden uses a momentum based response that felt sluggish at times) but i think the game AI makes too much of a jump when you go from rookie to pro and not much of a jump from pro to all-pro.going pro in NFL 2k2 is just much much harder and takes awhile to adjust to... i feel that Madden does a much better job letting you tweek various attributes (help on catching, breaking tackle, defense, etc) within each level. pro mode in 2k2 really punishes you for bad passes. however, the 2k2 AI playmaking overall seems stronger and will run out the clock or call time outs in a realistic manner -- and it won't allow you (except in rookie mode) to run the same types of plays without making you pay for it.the franchise mode is really the main reason i play these games (even though Madden had lot's of great little game drills) and Madden is simply better here.i like the way players grow (or decline) within a season in NFL 2k2 and the ability to trade present and future picks; i also feel that during the signing process, the computer is 'willing' to negotiate in 2k2 (they are willing to sign for less over repeated attempts) where in Madden, it's a cut and dry salary offer. but Madden seems much deeper.with Madden you can create new teams, new players and new stadiums in the franchise mode -- although creating new team/stadiums requires you to replace an existing team/stadium, which help preserve the seasonal matchups. i also feel that Madden have a more realistic allowance for retiring players where in NFL 2k2, you will routinely have the computer retiring players, who haven't been injured and having good seasons, in their prime.overall, i'm glad NFL 2k2 is available for the PS2 and is an enjoyable game. just as i believe Madden learned a lot about what worked in NFL 2k1, the NFL series should take at a good look at Madden 2002.
3	B00005NEAI	If this game is going for less than ten dollars, then I recommend grabbing it. Otherwise, you might as well get one of the newer versions. I love basketball games on the ps2 and this was relatively cheap so I grabbed it while I could. Good time-waster and fun to just shoot some baskets without worrying too much about depth.
3	B00005NEAI	Blockbuster Video in my hood got this game 2 days early, so I was excited to see the difference between PS2 and DC version. Being a former owner of a Dreamcast, NBA2k2 was my only reason for still having it. Shocked!.... that somes it up. Sega took this version to another level with graphics, A.I., better cross overs and now a total of 9 outdoor parks, including my home town favorite &quot;Run &amp; Shoot&quot; (indoor gym) here in Atlanta. I read all the bashing comments about NBA Live 2002 and after playing this, I'm sticking my foot into this bashing party as well. NBA2k2 is a game for true ballers and real players who like to post, pick, set up plays and shoot off screens. NBA Live 2002 is a sad game that turns the ball over when bumbed, picks are frustrating to wait for, in the fouls calls come often but often when they're not needed. I'm a owner of an Xbox as well and March can't come here fast enough for the release 2k2 on XBOX. I've read more was even put into the XBOX version.oNe
3	B00005NEAI	I have played by this and NBA LIVE 2002 and though both do a good job bringing basketball to this PS2, I think this one is a little better.  One of the things that gives NBA 2K2 the edge is the franchise mode which lets you play multiples seasons, make trades,siginings, and draft new players each year. However, even though the gameplay is great, and the graphics are excellent, there are a lot of little annoying things in this game including glitches, however glitches only happen very very rarely. Still, overall for PS2 this is the best NBA Game this season.
3	B00005NEAI	Well, I have mixed feelings about this game. 2k2 has the best control scheme for the players and moves of any b-ball game ever. The variety of moves, dunks, and animation are amazing. This alone makes it better than the Live series ever was. The graphics are superb and the overall fun level is great. BUT, the difficulty levels are ridiculous. The Pro level is hardly a challenge for an experience Live or 2k1 gamer. Then the All-Star level is near impossible (kind of like in the NFL series). This level allows for NO mistakes whatsoever or else the computer automatically scores whether the shot is contested or not. The only way to play D is to steal or block the ball. That is NOT fun. They need a level in between that allows shot contesting to make the opponent miss the shot or something.Another qualm I have is the presentation of the players in menus. The individual player screens give only a few choice position-dependant ratings. THis makes it difficult to judge how good the player really is. Also, there aren't many Free agents to choose from in franchise and season settings. Live still has the upper hand in the franchise department. If 2k2 could figure a way to keep their gameplay and add the menus and franchise options of the Live series, they would be on top forever.Just my opinion though. I'd still by it over any of the Live games to date though.
3	B00005NEAI	NBA 2K2 Made By SEGA OF AMERICAN is a EXCELLENT Basketball game to play on ( Playstation 2 ) game consoleI give it 5 STARS &quot;Highly Recommended&quot; REALLY WORTH TO BUY and play on ( Playstation 2 )SEGA OF AMERICAN makes great games to play on all the game console ( Keep the great job up SEGA OF AMERICAN)
3	B00005NEAI	Now normally I'm a fan of the NBA Live series, I even hung onto my little 16 Bit Sega for it and I have to say, NBA 2K2 is just awesome. It's in my opinion, it's just better than the NBA Live series on the thought that it's challenging and even very difficult in some parts such as the free throws, banging inside for a basket and even driving to the hole to throw up a cool lay up. In NBA Live, even with me picking some of the worst teams on the game, I can still score 128+ points in 10 minute quarters. When I played NBA 2K2, I actually lost and it didn't feel all that bad because it was nice to have a challenge for once.You gotta love the Street Ball option. It's fun and a lot more diverse than on NBA Live. All in all, I give this a thumbs up and definately wait for NBA 2K3 to come out because you won't be disappointed. Happy gaming!
3	B00005NEAI	NBA 2K2 is simply the best basketball game out there.  The game play is fast and exciting.  The post moves are the best I've ever seen in a game (especially the drop steps).  The players make realistic cuts and movements (most of the time).  My only grips graphical slowdown occurs a little too much, computer is nearly unbeatable, plays can be difficult to call at key times, some players can't be stopped b/c they are just too &quot;souped&quot; up, unrealistic movements (John Stockten doing a 360 dunk yeah right).  Street mode is a blast to play (much more fun than Live's one on one mode).  Bottom line greatest b-ball game ever created.
3	B00005NEAI	This is by far the best Sega Sports game and a huge improvement over last year's game. Basketball is my game and Sega's NBA 2K2 is definitely the best basketball video game available for any system. This game is plagued by only a few minor flaws.The gameplay is simply amazing. I like the idea of having a direct pass button on offense, and a button on defense to play defense like in real life shuffling your feet and all. Shooting is very easy and effective especially if you release the ball at the top of your jump shot.The graphics are great although not as good as EA's NBA Live 2002. The players are easily identified to their NBA counterpart and Allen Iverson has his Iverson shoes.The rosters are very up-to-date and if a trade happens don't worry about the game being out of date just go to customize to do the trade yourself. And when draft time comes around just create that player onto their new team.The Franchise mode is great. You get to lead your team through multiple seasons with trades, free agency, and retirements. You can also choose to play with the teams NBA rosters or do a fantasy draft where you can have any NBA players.The announcing is great although repetitive more times than not. When Iverson scores a lot they always say the same thing and are always saying the same thing usually twice a game, but they are still very realistic and actually seem to be watching the game unlike other games announcers.The only thing about this game that could have been made a little better are the graphics and the gameplay because when you post up you almost always get a wide open layup or step out of bounds for no reason at all.Overall this is the best basketball game available for the PS2 right now. This game for the PS2 is also better than Live and is also available on the XBOX, Dreamcast and GameCube.
3	B00005NEAI	I enjoy playing the season mode. It has good graphics, replays and it's easy to play, even my 5 year old can play it. We share time together playing either at any arenas or at parks or gyms. After a while commentators run out of phrases and some little glitches in their comments, but that doesn't affect gameplay. You can now get it as a Greatest hits for less than half the original price.
3	B00005NEAI	I've read the other reviews and want to comment on some of the negatives mentioned by the other reviewers.Players don't jump high?  Give me a break.  If you want people jumping high, play NBA JAM.  Most dunks that occur in NBA2K2 are the regular two hand mini-monster jams or the quick one-hand stuffs that occur more frequently in a real NBA game than.  Sure, if you have Vince Carter or Dominique Wilkins (from one of the classic teams), they will perform some mean dunks but a basketball game should not be all about dunks anyways.  Believe it or not, points are scored more through jump shots than dunks in NBA games.About the rarity of steals:  I actually find this a good thing.  How many times in an NBA game does a defender really pick a ball handler clean while playing one on one D?  Not many.  In fact most of the steals occur by playing the passing lanes or in traffic where you come and double down in the low post.  Simply put, don't expect to get cheap steals in this game.  You'll get your steals when you anticipate and know how to double down and pick a clumsy center's pocket.Also on offense, using turbo and cross-over moves won't necessarily get you free all the time.  In fact most of the time it won't.  Again, what's the fun in using turbo to just zip pass everyone for layups and dunks?  You need to use picks and mismatches to exploit weaknesses in the D.  And about people stepping out-of-bounds if you perform a cross-over near the baseline?  Simple, don't perform a cross-over near the baseline.  You can't do everything everywhere.I do have some complaints about the game:  The commentary is not that great and often times incorrect.  For instance, the announcer forgets about free throws and will say [Team A] has scored 12 (or however many) straight points even though I, playing with Team B, have scored several points from the free throw line.  Also the computer is too deadly if you leave them open no matter if they are inside or outside.  If you take your guards to double down to help out low and don't get back to cover their guards when the ball is kicked back out.  Forget about it.  I will say they hit greater than 80% of their threes if they are left open.  It goes without saying that a shooter left open should have a better chance of making a shot than a shooter with someone draped all over him, but jeez not everyone should be Larry Bird at the three point competion just because they are left open.  Also some of the foul calling is suspect.  But these are minor gripes.The create-a-player is awesome.  I was able to create a 5'1' point guard to simulate my wife (even though you can't have make female players) and it was hilarious seeing this little rat run around these giants.  The height and weight of different players are portrayed well so when Earl Boykins (5'5' guard for the Clippers) is next to Shaq, you will feel like Shaq brought one of his sons to the game.The best thing about this game is how you can play defense.  If you don't play defense in this game, the computer will eat you alive since they all shoot well.  Playing defense is made easy by the use of one of the shoulder buttons, which wil square you up to the defender.  Pushing down button down will make your player move laterally, like the sliding drills at practice.  I found this little feature to add a lot to the game play as playing defense (double teaming, helping out when one of your teammate gets beaten, fighting through pick and rolls) seemed realistic.  I cannot speak for others who may want a track-meet dunkfest, but to me, this is the best best realistic basketball game I have ever played.  (I have not played the InsideDrive on XBOX).
3	B00005NEAI	Not being satisfied with EA's NBA Live series, I was anticipating the release of NBA 2k2 for the PS2.  I'd never played it before, but the reviews of NBA 2K1 for the Dreamcast were so great that I was intrigued by the game.  I thought I'd give it a shot, and I've not been disappointed.GRAPHICS - 9Although the graphics in NBA Live are slightly better than 2K2, in my opinion, the graphics are still strong in this effort.  For the most part the animation is fluid, but as with any console game there are a few minor bugs (e.g. arms passing through other player's bodies.SOUND - 8The sound is very realistic, but the play-by-play isn't the best. It's still better than NBA Live, though.INTERFACE - 8Somewhat cumbersome, but really not a tremendous obstacle.  As a player of EA Sports games it took me a while to grasp the buttons to use for which menus, but this was still a minor problem for me.GAMEPLAY 9I have to say that the controls in this game are much tighter than in NBA Live.  In NBA Live 2002 I felt like my players were skating and sliding all over the place.  In NBA 2K2 I know my players are going to go where I direct them.The franchise mode in NBA 2K2 is solid also.  I like the fact that you can trade future draft picks as well as players.  I do wish, however, that Sega would use number ratings to gauge rate players.  As it stands now, you're given only a bar graph on about 5-6 different physical traits.  The only number you get is in the overall rating.OVERALL 9I've thoroughly enjoyed this game.  Although I've been a fan of EA sports' products over the last few years, it's been mainly by default.  There simply hasn't been strong competition in terms of sports sims.  In my opinion, EA has been resting on its laurels lately, and ss Sega continues to develop its software for other consoles, I fully expect them to give EA a run.In short, if you're looking for an NBA Game, this is the one to get.
3	B00005NEAI	4.95 stars:I usually never give a 5 star rating but this game comes very close.  This game replicates the best simulation of the game of basketball in ANY level : highschool/college/pro ... even amatuer.  I will list the good and bad points of the game below, and help compare the game with others out on the market :Good Points :Gameplay :1.The game defense AI is incredible.  The cpu actually plays the passing lanes on defense.  There are no cheap passes in the game.  Even inbounding the ball is a challange at times.2.Gameplay flow is true to life.  For instance, if you have a hot player shooting lights out, go to him, he'll hit most of his shots, just like in real life.  Vice Versa, if the cpu has a hot player, the cpu will also go to him, good AI move by sega.In addition, the flow of the game reflects team runs more than any other.  If the cpu is scoring on a streat, you MUST call a timeout or find a way to stop them or you will be blown out.  And the same goes with your team as well!3.Zone Defenses!  Has a variety of zone defesnes that you can choose from that the other products out don't.  This helps alot when you go up against perimieter shooting teams.4.Challanging AI where you cannot really beat this game after a week.  Whenever I play, and I have 3-4 wins in a row and think I've figured the game out, the CPU makes adjustments and beats me!  Winning one game is a great satisfaction since the game is very difficult.5.Player ratings count in this game, same as skill sets, just like the real nba.6.Options are good :Franchise mode is adequte, and NBA STREET COURT mode is fun to play.Cons :1.Goaltending bugs :  there sometimes are goaltending calls when the ball is clearly below the rim.2.FreeThrows : Free throws are too easy in this game with the analog sticks.  The problem is that you can make free throws regardless of who's shooting.  They seem to have forgotten to implement the different player ratings in the free throw code(whereas last years NBA2K1 did).  So you can  be Shaq who should be terrible in the free throw department but isnt once you figure out how to make free throws.Compared to the other games on the market, this is the best this year (I have only played the PS2 version). Nbalive2002 doesn't come close is simulating a real nba game as NBA2K2 does.  Nbalive2002 is more a simulation/arcade which would probably be better suited for younger kids.  NBA2K2 has a large learning curve when trying to be successful at the game.
3	B00005NEAI	NBA 2K2 for the Sega Dreamcast is the greatest Basketball sim to come to a home console. Now that it is coming to the PS2 EA Sports is shakin in there Bootz!!!! Goodbye EA Sports theres a New King in Town on the PS2 and there name is SEGA matched with Visual Concepts. Right now the players look more real then in NBA Live 2002. The players move more natural in NBA 2k2 in NBA live 2002 they are to stiff and move like robots. Sega and VC have introduced the new Zone defense this year and it works to perfection. They added some new offensive moves and spectacular new DUNKZ!!! The play by play is more up to speed on NBA 2K2 as with NBA Live 2002 it takes a few seconds after the play is over for the commentator to get it right. Just can't wait till I get this baby delivered to my door....Peace to the World...God Bless the USA
3	B00005NEAI	Sega Sports made a name for itself during the Dreamcast days with NBA2K and NFL2K, thus starting a new franchise that could easily rival EA Sports.  NBA2K2 continues this trend with an excellent simulation of basketball.  Though much more difficult than NBA2K, it does solve many of the problems, while introducing many new ones.The graphics are great, the physics are spectacular, and the gameplay feels real.  Quite possibly the best hoops game ever.  Of course that doesn't mean there aren't flaws.  Some of things that annoyed me are the lack of offensive rebounds, the complete uselessness of tall man in the lane, and the difficulty of hitting the outside shot.  Stephon Marbury easily dunked over Shaq in one game, despite Shaq clearly having position.  Also, players tend to stand around, despite calling certain plays.  Pick and rolls are difficult to do because your fellow player sometimes won't cooperateAnother thing was the difficulty levels.  Easy is too easy, medium starts off too hard, then becomes too easy, and by the time you reach hard, you're sick of re-inventing your game for another difficulty level.  They should eliminate easy and add more practice elements, and have only difficulty level, a cross between hard and medium.  That way you won't have to adjust your game.  For example, on easy, you tend to take more 3 pointers, and let bad shooters on the opposite team take open shots, but in hard, you have to do the exact opposite.  It screws you up, especially when playing two players.All that said, this is an excellent game.  I played a season with the Lakers, and by the end, I was rolling.  The post moves of centers is pretty good, despite the ease of defensive steals.  Screens sometimes work, Kobe's got the moves, perimeter defense works well.  The player movements are silky smooth, and really look like the actual players.  As you played against different teams, you develop different strategies and call different plays to exploit the team's weak points.  It's a great game that rewards reflexes and thinking.Overall, it's a great, great basketball and should be bought by any sports game enthusiast.
3	B00005NEAI	Alright... I had to change a few things after playing again last night. The rating dipped a bit, from a 5 to a bit under a 4 1/2... just because some of the flaws I feel could've been taken care of THIS year. These weren't problems never before seen in a basketball video game, ya know? That "players retiring after 4 or 5 years in the league in Franchise mode"-thing is getting really old really fast. Then, there's still the "my guy will insist on standing out of bounds when I'm trying to inbound the ball to him" one... that's always been one of my favorites. Overall, this game is still pretty great. People want to compare it to games that it's not even in the same category as, like NBA Street. That's not fair. Compare it to it's TRUE counterparts, and it stands FAR FAR above. (Rent NBA Inside Drive and tell me I'm wrong - even though THAT game has passed 'Live' as far as I'm concerned) I played the Dreamcast version the other day, and I must admit they're a bit different. The PS2 and X-Box versions weren't direct ports... but the DC version's animations were nowhere nearly as smooth. (outside of the shooting - the PS2 version looks kinda retarded) I can say it, cuz I own all 4 of these so-called "Next-Gen" systems... and each one has it's own little quirks.I did find one other pet peeve the other night: As I mentioned, the Draft will produce players with names made up of existing players' names. This is good in one sense only: the announcers can say the player's name throughout gameplay. Makes for some pretty funny combinations - like Latrell Olajuwon... I liked that one. However, the realism department took a MAJOR blow in my opinion when I drafted a white 6'8" small forward named Rasheed Abdul-Wahad. ??? Come on Sega... WORK with me.Guess now all we have to do is wait a few more days until the Box's version drops to see the "Final" and "Best" version on the "Next-gen-est" of the systems... We'll see.
3	B00005NECC	The gameplay is slow and the background is very distracting and irritating. Fishes, shapes, etc fly around the background and it kinda distracts you while you are trying to play. I rather have the Tetris DX version for the color gameboy. Another feature not added in this version is that there is no saved high scores. On the DX version, all your high scores are saved so that you can try to beat it the next time you play. Not Recommended. Sorry!!!
3	B00005NECC	This game is the best version of tetris there is. I don't care that it doesn't have a battery back-up, because that doesn't effect the game in any way. with 7 variations of the game and classic Tetris Music(including &quot;the dance of the suger plum fairy&quot; from the NES Tetris) this pak will keep you entertained for hours!(hint: unlock the popular version of tetris by holding L and pressing select on the game menu. this plays exactly like the original version with scoring and no cut-off point.)This version of tetris has a new scoring system: time. see how fast you can play through 15 levels, the required number of lines multiplying by the level number. buy this game. you won't be dissapointed
3	B00005NECC	its not a bad game i just got a few days ago and i like the back rounds and 6 more games to it but wheres the high score at it says under ultra beat your high score but where is it at?its alot differant then i thought it was going to be but hey its tetris its all around good!
3	B00005NECC	This is a great game! with this product, the fun can go on and on. It has many great versions of the original tetris. The added background scenes make the game a little more fun and pleasant to loofk at. Tetris is a great game for people that travel a lot. There are many options avaliable, including six different background scenes and music.Hint: The popular version of tetris is revealed by holding down the L button and pressing select. This will only work if you are in the menu with the game variations.
3	B00005NECC	Imagine my surprise when I dug into another version of the ever-loving and popular Tetris franchise.  This GBA version, released in 2001, has some great soundtracks and background locales.  Some of the songs you may even find to be familiar because they were in earlier versions of Tetris.  Just make sure that you choose the music at random while playing so that you don't get stuck with the same old boring songs.  Also, you can play 7 different versions of Tetris -- Popular (hold down the L button when on the menu mode??), Sticky, Fusion, Hot-Line, Square, etc.Unfortunately, the big drawback is that the fun may not last for Tetris veterans.  One of them is that the story mode from the Gamecube version was entirely eliminated.  Second, you only get to play each version in Marathon or Ultra mode.  And there are 15 levels of difficulty.  When I attempted to start out at Level 15 on some of the modes, it was virtually impossible to clear.  However, if some of you DO manage to overcome that hurdle, you should get a game message that congratulates you as a Tetris master.So unless you are a Tetris freak (in a good way), I would safely dismiss this particular title and stick to OTHER versions of Tetris.  I will list some of them for you to download to your Wii or Nintendo 3DS:Tetris (Gameboy and NES)Tetris 2 (Gameboy, NES, and Super NES)Tetris & Dr. Mario (Super NES)Tetris Plus (Gameboy)Tetris Blast (Gameboy)Tetris DX (Gameboy Color)The New Tetris (Nintendo 64)The Magical Tetris Challenge Starring Mickey Mouse (Gameboy Color and Nintendo 64)Tetris Attack (Gameboy and Super NES)Tetris DS (Nintendo DS)Tetris Party Deluxe (Nintendo DS and Nintendo Wii)Tetris Axis (Nintendo 3DS)
3	B00005NECC	This game is definitely worth picking up. It's one of those video games you can pick up and play at anytime. There are multiple types of Tetris, from the classic to the weird (sticky, cascade), but it's a great game to have on hand. It's even better when played on the GBA SP, it helps tremendously to have the background light on.
3	B00005NFN4	I dont know if the reason I like this game is because I have had every NBA Live since NBA Live '97, because I love the game of basketball, or because it just kicks ...!  I love basketball and football games.  I have NBA Street, which is really fun, but if you want a realistic basketball game you should get this, dont get me wrong I like NBA Street but its not a great game like this one.  I have the Playstation 2 version of NBA Live 2001 and even though that and this are both PS2, 2002 has improved.  Creating a player is really good, you edit your player from hair to skill to look to tatoos and even right down to endorsed shoes, such as The And 1 Mad Games, Iversons 4 and 5 and the Kobes!  This is my favorite game for the Playstation 2 and I cant wait until NBA Live 2003!
3	B00005NFN4	I gave NBA Live 2001 3 stars last year.  I didn't recommend buying the game period.  No franchise mode, no rookie drafts, no salary cap, etc...  Well all of that is FINALLY in NBA Live.  It looks like they listened to all the customer gripes and put all these great features that games like Madden have been doing for years.The graphics and gameplay are very similar to last year's game.  There are subtle improvements in terms of the dribbling and dunk animations.  The controls are a bit awkward using the analog, and I've found the d-pad to better.  They've paid attention to physical detail a bit more.  For example, big centers will leave the rim rattling after a dunk.  Also, you may land a little off-balanced at times after a monster dunk.  Facial features and other subtle things such as unique hairstyles and tattoos are more accurate this time as well.  They have a replay system similar to Madden 2002 where it goes letterbox every now and then.The REAL improvements though are in the franchise mode.  The fact that there is a legitimate one is a bonus.  Now, instead of just signing whoever from the free agent pool, you must now take into account salary cap points.  The better the player and the longer he's played, the higher his salary cap points.  This pretty much means you have to strategize and sign who you want wisely, instead of just going for anybody and stocking a dream team.  Plus, there's a rookie draft every season like in Madden with extensive scouting reports.There is of course the practice mode and one-on-one game features from past versions.  Overall, this game is a definite buy and the best NBA game out there to date.  The game controls could be a little better, but they finally gave the gamers the features they've been asking for and they did it comprehensively.  Put the money down and get this game.  They've finally done it right this time.
3	B00005NFN4	I have to admit I was worried about buying this gane after being torched last year. But man I was wrong. This game is down right awesome. The graphics are amazing and the camera angles are great. They really lived up to their billing on this one. Finally ea sports is back in front when it comes to sport games. Can't wait for college basketball now. Do yourself a favor and get this one!!!
3	B00005NFN4	NBA Live 2002 is a pretty good installment of the 10 year series. It plays similar to 2001 but with some added bonuses like a decent Franchise mode (just like Madden 2002) that you one have to be careful about because all NBA league regulations with the Salary Cap count here so be careful on who you sign because it could hurt you later! And in this mode, after each season, there is also a draft which is pretty cool as well.Also, vast improvements have been made in the game as well. It's a lot easier to hit alley oops now unlike 2001 where the ball would go 10' above the intended player's head. The annouce team is less annoying and they use a lot of player's nicknames (ex: Kevin Garnett is called KG and Michael Olawakhandi is called the Candy Man). Rebounding is no longer impossible! That was such a problem in 2001 (unless you actually had a decent rebounder or you made one). And now the computer actually plays against you unlike in the past all you had to do was head fake until they jumped and then you could just blow them outta the water. And of course Michael Jordan that is playable on a Season or Franchise mode.There were some drawbacks too. The game got a little slower in pace. Not by much but you can tell that it got a little slower. Also, when you trade for players, make sure that you check each player on your team because I noticed that the computer no longer gives your new player a new number. Thank goodness I noticed that because at one point, I had 3 Number 21's on my team. Another thing that I liked better was that actual still pictures were used for each player (ex Player of the Game) and now the computerized image is substituted for that.I still think that it's a great game but if you're looking for a faster pace, more challenging game, check out NBA 2K2 or NBA 2K3 because you'll be surprised how challenging those 2 are. Either way it goes, you'll be picking a quality NBA game.
3	B00005NFN4	NBA Live 2002 for the PS2 is an amazing game, but it falls short of Sega's NBA 2K2. NBA Live 2002 is a very fun, but challenging game. The good: 1) The graphics on this game waste NBA 2K2's 2) The gameplay is amazing and the dunks are so realistic, Vince Carter dunks he does the under-the-leg jam 3) Offense is very easy to get used to 4) Very up-to-date rosters with current jersey's, logos, and shoe styles 5) Create-a-team and Create-a-player modes 6) Franchise mode whhich lets you play multiple season with team with trades, free agent signings and retirements....The bad: 1) Very easy to hit 3 pointers form half court and beyond 2) Bad announcing 3) Very hard to steal the ball with too many fouls called 4) Very low scoring games palying 5 minute quarters 5) Very expensive at $...Overall: Overall I give this 4 stars because it is a very fun game and very realistic. If you are a fan of the NBA Live series a reccommend this game, but if you aren't I say you sohuld buy NBA 2K2 over this game.
3	B00005NFN5	EA never stops improving their games. I was impressed with FIFA 2001 and I am blown away by the new 2002 edition. With a new pressure sensitive passing you have complete control over every aspect of the game. The ability to play a long ball into open space for your front line to run under is excellent. They have also added one touch passing for a wall pass which makes it easy to blow by defenders. The graphics have also improved dramatically. The fans looks so real that you are just waiting for them to throw stuff onto the field. You can now see blades of grass and they have increased the number of customizations you can have for each player. The only flaws on the game (and they are minor) is the player must use the analog for complete use of passing. I rarely use the analog (I'm just and old school game pad player) so it was tough to get adjusted to. Also, the learning curve is much longer on this game than those in the past. No more pounding the ball down field or in the goal with little concern of direction. If you are aiming to the sideline or hold the shot button too long the ball will sail out of play. I have blown more chance my first week of playing but I still love the updated features. Finally, the only other flaw is the player's faces. Who did they model these guys after? Most of them look like pre-historic man. It just seems a little weak that they would not take more time to design the faces since they did so much to improve the graphics in the rest of the game. Overall, the game is well thought out and a lot of fun to play!
3	B00005NFN5	I have played Fifa since it started and I own all the EA sports games except Bball and Rugby for 01 and 02.  I played soccer professionally and this is head and shoulders 100% the Best soccer game ever made.  Play with the analog stick and you will be playing the game of soccer at a very high level.  It is difficult to win on Professional, I have not even tried World Class yet.  The only thing I wish I had is a wide screen HDTV so I could stretch the pitch to 16:9.  Anyways, don't wait, buy it!
3	B00005NFN5	The best Fifa game for me was FiFa 98 for one simple reason, the camera views were the best. You could see the field and how your players were distributed and create passing arrangements that would boggle the mind. I know this game had its flaws but it still was superior than the others. The scenic movies they provided for each host country was phenomenal. I sure hope EA gets it right this time out. Fifa 2001 was fun but annoying, specially with those bicycle kicks, sure they were spectacular to watch but not if you saw them about 36 times in just one game. But if they really want to make this game worthy, they should fix the camera views. You can never see who you are passing the ball ahead of you. Sure there are other camera angles, but they are terribly akward. Another terrible feature of 2001 was the shooting bar. You can't strike the ball with enough force outside the area, the goals become monotonous and just have to be the same in order to score. You also need to add more leagues from the American Continent. Just Brazil and US doesn't cut it, what about the Argetinian league? Or even the Mexican. Just paying some rights would acquire you an extremely loyal market. This is 2002 the year of the world cup, you definetly need to add much more international teams than you had on 2001, atleast every team in the American Continent. One more thing, and I hope your reading this EA for your sake! Fact, if you want to sell the most copies of a game ever for this console, you have to add spanish commentary to the game. Its getting boring listening to the same decrepid irish or scottish announcers you had in this game for over 4 years. The best commentary in spanish at the time is by Omar Tapia and company from ESPN International. This truely would make the game a winner and a worldwide success.
3	B00005NFN5	I got this game for exactly one reason: being able to have eight simultaneous players on one team on one PS2 console.  To that end, it has amazed and impressed me beyond my hopes.  Having 8 players on one screen is a tricky challenge and for most games it's impractical.  That may be why EA Sports seems to be the only game producer out there willing to try.  And not surprisingly, EA Sports is able to go beyond trying and achieve a great success.Game graphics are formidable.  All of the players look very well done and the 3d model game engine lets you zoom in and out with great detail.  Passing looks great as players will tap the ball behind them or wind up for a long lob across the field.  You even notice the players shuffling the ball around with their feet when trying to avoid getting it stolen from them.  The celebrations and tantrums thrown by the players after goals and penalties is humorous and enjoyable.  Short players are in fact noticeably shorter than larger ones adding to the overall since of reality.The passing system is nicely done.  You aim the direction you want to go, pick a lob or ground ball, set the power, add curl and then let the ball go.  It doesn't magically travel to your players, but instead goes the direction you aimed the shot while you players will run to it.  Learning to control the ball enough to get it in front of a running player so he can break away for a goal is challenging.  Using headers or bicycle kicks can pull off some fantastic shots you'll want to go into replay to watch in slow motion.  Slide tackling is a dangerous business as referees are more than happy to dish out yellow and red cards to players.  Yet a well timed tackle when the ref isn't looking can injure and opponent and take him out without a penalty.For the soccer hardcores, this game can go into a deep level of detail.  I mostly ignore the huge number of settings for team formation, aggressiveness of the players on offense/defense and a large number of other settings you can use to tweak the AI and setup of your team.Are you confused by the 400 different teams?  You can get yourself into the creation centre and make your own team of characters.  Give them height and weight and then adjust their facial type, facial hair, head hair, skin tone and more.  I built a team out of my entire group of friends.  You can guess which team we play when we're in 8-player mode!In the end, this game is amazing.  I've got a strong dislike for sports games, but when my group of friends gathers, FIFA is the first game to go into the machine and usually stays there for hours.
3	B00005NFN5	FIFA 2002 doesn't disappoint, fantastic game.  I've played every version of the FIFA series since FIFA 97, and 2002 is prob the most significant overhaul of the game that I've seen.  If you enjoy FIFA, you must get the newest version.  Visually, all the pitches are beautifully detailed and the player models are more realistic.  Also, FIFA 2002 is the most complete soccer game ever, in terms of the number of teams, leagues, and competitions you can play.  The new intro sequence &amp; game cover (see pic) feature Thierry Henry (Arsenal, France).The biggest change has been to gameplay.  Now all touches on the ball can be controlled for both direction &amp; power (i.e. when you pass, it doesn't automatically go towards your player, you must direct it onto his path).  It's tricky to get used to, but provides a great deal more control, you can even instruct players to begin an off-the-ball run, see their path, and pass the ball onto them.  As a result of the changes, gameplay feels a little slower than past versions of FIFA but I believe 2002 is more realistic (2001 felt a little too fast, imo).All around, an awesome game.  Soccer die-hards will love the realism and control, for new players it may be a little challenging at first but tons of fun.
3	B00005NFN5	ekattan is saying the truth. the game does need improvements. number one, there aren't lots of teams in the fifa games except for fifa 98 for the sake of the world cup!! but what we're expecting is a full teams in every year. But that which is not working. he mentioned wrong info or maybe not. But yes i agree the fact that the shot bar has only got the same goals scored by the same power accuracy. If you shoot a bit stronger or weaker, you wont be able to score a goal. also, the tele camera angle is to low. even if you costumize the height and zooming, you'll still be unable to see who's in front of you. we used to have all the best stadiums on fifa 98 but now we only have two or three. i HOPE THAT IMPROVES OR ELSE...aah anyways, other disapointments that the weather snow wasnt on the list, and players of my national teams are spelled incorrectly, and some dont even exist. even my yugoslavian friend changed a few things on his fifa 2001 aswell that concerned his national team!i hope this improves a lot more
3	B00005NFN5	This is my second review for this game. Having had this game for 2 weeks now, I've realized that the game becomes completely different when switching to one of three difficulty levels. I've won the UEFA Tournament in the Amateur level with England so I moved up to the Professional level. I noticed that this level is very challenging. I found my team without the ball about 63% of the time. I still found ways to win, but scoring is difficult and you must play on the analog mode with your controller. I can't even begin to imagine how hard world-class difficulty level is. However, playing on the analog mode, your left thumb gets severely swollen while controlling the left analog stick. Extremely fun, addicitive and realistic, but I think my thumb now needs to stay away from playing that game for another 2-3 days.
3	B00005NFN5	Ask the folks at EA Sports and they might just admit to you that their first round of sports titles for PS2 (the 2001 series) were all half-hearted rushed efforts done on behalf of Sony so that the PS2 could flex its sports gaming muscle and not look foolish having a next-gen system without the marquis name in sports video games.  And by now we all know that, besides Madden 2001, they were all subpar.  FIFA 2001 was a boring exercise in &quot;sprint down sideline, cross pass to middle, do header and score&quot; every time.  The camera was too close, the field too small, the defense too ridiculous (and were never carded over the all-too-often-used slide tackle from behind because it was practically the only method they had of stopping you) and the graphics not remarkable for a next-generation gaming system.Well, EA has had time to prepare and have pulled off a stunning turnaround.  Gone is the too-close perspective that made passing a game of pure guesswork, in place is a lovely wide-angle view which, while admittedly shrinking the players from last year, makes attempting real-world soccer strategy much more accurate and deliberate.  Passing has graduated from the mystifying &quot;stickum ball&quot; theatrics of last year (every pass connecting perfectly with every player) to a more demanding power-meter system that basically gives you free reign over where you want the ball to go.  Want to lead your striker into the box with a nicely timed pass?  Well it actually works this time.The animation is much improved with many close-ups and a wider variety of players.  The amount of leagues represented are staggering, as always.  The commentary is more attuned to actual game events, and less canned.  The music is appropriate and always front &amp; center.  And whoever was complaining about the lack of 1-button-dekes really needs to catch up.  The multitude of easy get-by's made FIFA2K1 much too simple and required no skill whatsoever.  Now, there is only 1 button utilized for fancy footwork, meaning you might have to learn how to play real soccer to win, instead of relying on cheap special moves for every goal.  Ball physics are wonderful, bouncing off the keeper in every possible angle, and the shots taken are not tremendously difficult, but don't slack or Andy Gray will be right there to give you a hard time about it.My only slight misgiving this time around is that, while the new passing system is a godsend, it isn't always as accurate as you'd like it to be.  Making that perfect diagonal cross pass can occasionally be made more difficult than it needs to be.  But practice makes perfect, so keep trying.In summation, a fantastic installment of a hallmark series of footy games.  Casual fans might be put off by the increased realism, but sim addicts will be licking their chops in anticipation.
3	B00005NFN5	i'm soccer crazy and play a lot. this game is definetly cool, once you master the passing, its an incredible game. i've had it since it was first released and i'm still not tired of playing it. the graphics are excellent, the commentating is pretty good, and the modes are challenging.the downside is that with the new passing strategy, you can no longer sweep up the field in a lighting fast counter-attack, you must aim at the player first otherwise you lose possesion pretty easily. this makes us play long ball tactics which aren't as much fun and although you do score, it kind of makes you feel you missing something without the quick on the ground passing between players.the camera angels also leave quite a bit to be desired, players are too small. i miss the fifa 2001 action and on the ball camera angles where you could follow the curve of the ball, or watch a bone crunching tackle or even dribble past players. in this one, you can't really see much up close.it could be improved but for now, it is fun to play.you might want to rent it first though, the passing frustrates many would be fifa 2002 lovers.
3	B00005NFN6	If you have a PS2 and like racing, man NT2002 is FINALLY what fans wanted.  FULL fields (that's 43 cars your running against baby), FULL career mode (create a driver, create a car, race for big names and get paid), racers retire, sound is top notch, hot damn this is a badass title.  The graphics are much, much better than 2001 was, the only thing I actually miss is the announcers, but other than that, this is the best simulator for racing I've played in a very long time.  EA finally got racing right after all these years.  I'm just glad it's on the PS2 heh
3	B00005NFN6	Having spent 10 years living in North Carolina and not being a huge NASCAR fan, now that I am in Northen California, I find the sport to be addictive. So is this game. It has everything that you are looking for. Season mode, sponsors, challenges to keep sponsors, points race and all the tracks and most of the drivers. If you think that driving 50 laps around an oval is boring, try it with 42 other cars bumping, grinding and passing you! It is very realistic as you have to pace yourself and slowly move up during a race. Qualifying is important and you can tweak your car in a variety of ways, set it up one way for qualifying and then change it for the race. If you just want to pick up this game and start racing, you can do it. However, if you want a more realistic kind of racing, you can find that also. Is this game perfect? No. However, the squabbles i have with it are either so minor or you have to be SUCH a die-hard NASCAR fan to notice them. All in all, this is one SOLID game. It's fun to play and it's realistic. I always race the full race at the track before the real drivers of NASCAR hold the race, that way you can relate better to the television broadcast. I highly recommend this game to anyone who follows NASCAR even the tiniest bit!
3	B00005NFN6	After all these years,this is still the best EA Sports nascar game ever made.Doesn't have  Craftmen trucks and Nationwide cars(the only drawback),but this game controls better than all the rest of EA Sports nascar game.Hopefully now that EA's liscence has run out with nascar someone else will get back to making games like this and Nascar- Dirt to Daytona updated.
3	B00005NFN6	WOW what a game!  EA must have listened to their blazingly negative reviews of Nascar 2001, and have totally overhauled the entire game to produce one of the true Gems on the Playstation 2.This game has it all!  All the drivers, all the tracks(even the newest tracks Chicago and Kansas City), special paint schemes for some of the drivers, including the Looney Tunes cars, and Dale Jarrett's Flame car.  In addition, there are Busch Grand National drivers that can take you on in the Winston Cup Races.  Want to race against Greg Biffle in the Grainger car, Jimmy Spencer in the Yellow Freight car, or Jeff Green in the Nesquick car?  You can.....its in there!!! Feeling Nostalgic and want to race with Richard Petty in the STP car?  It's in there!!!!Did I mention that you can race against 42 other competitors in each race?  This is video game console first.  On average it has been 16 - 20 cars max due to memory constraints....somehow EA has pulled this off too.  Do you want to know how may top 10's top 5's or wins you have scored?  This game tracks those stats too!  YEA!!!!  Do you want multiple views while you are driving....its in there!  Would you like to create your own driver/car?  Its in there!  Would you like to start off as a rookie and work your way up through Winston cup upgrading your team and your car as you go along?  ITS IN THERE!!!This is the first Nascar game that has simply blown me away.....Its the best one for any system EVER! The only bad thing about Nascar Thunder 2002 is that it will now make all of your old Playstation and Playstation 2 Nascar Games obselete.This NASCAR fan is smiling!!  If you are a fan of NASCAR, this game is a no brainer, BUY IT NOW!!  If you are looking for a solid racing game with a ton of options, and scores points for originality while being a simulation/arcade racing hybrid, BUY IT NOW!!!Bottomline, this is an excellent game!  You are going to love it!!!
3	B00005NFN6	I am not a NASCAR fan, but this game is addictive fun!!!  I dropped it in to the PS2 just to say that i had tried it, and now I am totally addicted to becoming THE NASCAR champion.  The graphics are very good, and the animated pit scenes are a fun diversion.  The controls are a little tricky to master, but the game is such fun that i can't hold twitchy controls against what I feel is an exciting racing game.  well worth the price, and believe that there is a lot of repeat playability built into it.  The tracks offer challenging banks, and even trickier road courses, and each course has its own personality that takes time to master.  Enjoy, and Start Your Engines!!!!
3	B00005NGL9	Amazing!! What a triumph of technology! I am left speechless by the  raw POWER of this little device!Hey, I was prompted to write a review, so I did!!
3	B00005NGL9	The memory Card has been very useful - my son really is very happy with it!
3	B00005NGL9	It always pays to go with the original product accessories. Sony's memory cards are not only cool looking now that they have the new transparent colors but they are hands down better than any aftermarket fake! Stick with the original and you can never go wrong!
3	B00005NGL9	This is a must need for multiple gaming it was well worth the money and still is holding data. you will at some point need one so why not pick this one up?
3	B00005NGR0	I bought this game about 4 days ago and first I would like to say that I am just so thankful that this has come out for the PS1 once more(because I have yet to get the PS2)though I am 100% sure that this will be its last time on the PS1.Ill start off by saying that this games controls are basically the same as SF1 and SF2.The game though is a little bit more easy.I realized this when I saw that I had completed it in only 2 days.The plot is actually alot better than what people say it is and they need to look at the plot in its own way,instead of comparing it to the first 2 SF games.The plot goes..Gabe Logan first is starting to realize that some of his former agents are betraying him.Some are importing the SF virus(for money of course).Gabe expecting this begins to assasinate them and the importers.Vincint Hadden then puts Gabe on trial for the former killings of his agents and is also expected for the murder Teresa Lipan(one of Gabes former agents).Lian Xing and larence Mujari(dont know how to spell his name) are also called to tell their stories.Then a number of flash backs which are your missions take place.Most of the missions are not in order of time though, like a mission from the year 95 will take place and then the next mission will be back in the year 85.This got on my nerves a little bit but I got over it.Theres only 3 missions that are in the present time,mission 1,18 and mission 19 and there is 19 missions in all.So all 16 missions are flash backs.No big deal though,because alot of the missions are awesome and the objectives are realistic.The graphix have improved and Gabe looks alot different.The new weapons are really cool to.Like the AU300 is really a sweet weapon.Its an X Ray gun so using the scope lets to see through walls and it also shoots through walls.There is also a few other new weapons but Im not going to name them.So overall this is a GREAT game and if you liked the other SF games you should enjoy this one just as much.I recommend this game to everyone.And by the way, I feel sorry for the people who only gave this game one star because it came in a two disk box, but was only a one disk game.They just complain because they think they got ripped off.Well, I just think the problem is they were to blind to read on the top panel of the case in bold letters "ONE DISK GAME"! Next time read the panel people.
3	B00005NGR0	This game is not as good as Syphon Filter one or two because it is no longer based on unraveling a complex conspirecy as you go a long in the game, rather it is mostly made of missions that took place prior to that on Syphon Filter 1.  But by no means does that make this game substandard, this is still a lot of fun to play and that is all that really matters.
3	B00005NGR0	I was thrilled when it came out for the playstation 1.  The game seemed to be short and I wasn't too crazy about the shifting of time scenes, but then again it was telling a story.  The action was nice as well as the new weapons.  Problem is with a game as great as the syphon filter series, they didn't leave much room for a syphon filter 4.  If they do, I would hope they stick to tradition and make it for playstation.  Or perhaps they can keep the charactors and make a new series for playstation 2.
3	B00005NGR0	...then by all means purchase Syphon Filter 3. BUT if you have never played the first 2 games of this series, definitely start there.This review is kinda hard to write, since if you are a fan of the series, no one will talk you out of purchasing this one. However, I do agree with some of the other reviewers here that SF3 is much easier than the first two installments (and my rating is probably biased because I loved 1&amp;2).Why is it easier? Well, in the first 2 games of the series, you are often forced to use manual targeting and stealth to pick off enemies with head shots to avoid arousing suspicion. However, in Syphon Filter 3, you can pretty much run through many of the levels with guns blazing.Unfortunately, this removes much of the strategy of the game, and forces many of the levels to become very similar. As a result, the whole &quot;stealth spy/assasin&quot; feel is lost. So while there are a few challenging boards and the missions are interesting, I think some of the earlier levels (ie, the one with Lian running around the city) are much tougher than the last board.In short, if you have 1&amp;2, go ahead and get this one. If not, get SF1 first...it features one of the most challenging levels of the entire series (Gabe in stealth mode walking through the exhibit hall).
3	B00005NGR0	I have known that this Syphon Filter line would definetely go on since I beat SF2... and the Syphon Filter series are the best games for PS in my opinion, with this AWESOME story and the right characters(I personally love Logan and his voice acting, even if he is limited to PS graphics) + awesome action and aiming features that are the best for PS action/shooter games. I could foresee the turn of events in SF2( Lian needs to get her Syphon Filter virus vaccine, so Gabe needs to get it from the agency labs and escape), but in the sequel I don't have any idea what is going to happen because Lian is no longer the test subject, and yeah... the agency is finished, so the only foes that are left is Mara Aramov and some old guy.This game should definetely be on your list. And if you don't own SF and SF2, consider to get them too.
3	B00005NGR0	By playing this game I have found that it is the best Syphon Filter game to date. Syphon Filter 3 is the best. It has a variety of weapons and more people to be. While in 2 player mode you can play as a monk, mad scientist, doctor, and many many other people. There are also some really great levels to explore. But you have to unlock many first. This is a very intense game and keeps you on your toes. In many ways it is better than Rainbow Six.
3	B00005NGS3	I sure wish Benoit Sokal had done more video games.  Amerzone is a very nice game for the younger gamer.  The puzzles are easy to moderate in difficulty; you won't need the walkthrough.  The game is divided into eight chapters.  The only minor problem I had with it is that not all the puzzles need to be solved to move on to the next chapter.  I hate untidy loose ends; I love to do all the puzzles and want them appropriate to the plot.  In addition, in most adventure games the gamer is required to examine everything in order to give him clues to the reason for the upcoming puzzle.  In Amerzone, you can overlook a scene that is causing a problem in the plot.  Then, the puzzle that will resolve the problem in that particular scene does not make sense to the gamer because he doesn't see any connection until he blindly solves the puzzle which will then launch a cutscene that shows the reason for the puzzle to begin with.  Here's another thing: If the character leaves an elevator on the top floor, takes the staircase and goes to the bottom floor, he should not be able to find the elevator on the bottom floor when he left it on the top floor.  These are technical flaws that do not detract from the overall enjoyment and entertainment value of the game.  I recommend Amerzone to everybody.
3	B00005NGS3	A sweet little game that's not too hard and has some gorgeous graphics and sounds. Acting and writing are also strong points, though you shouldn't expect high logic. Think Myst as written by the French and you're not too far off.Amerzone was designed by the same guy who did Syberia. If you loved that game, this is sweet without being nearly as good. If you like Amerzone, Syberia will knock your socks off.
3	B00005NGS3	Not on par with Myst but still a very enjoyable game with some really nice graphics.  The puzzles weren't overly challenging and some were downright too easy but all fit in well with the story line.  This is the type of game to play when you just want to sit quietly and do a quiet activity.  The ambient music and the settings within the game tended to be very soothing.  I know that I will probably be playing it again as soon as I have forgotten enough of the solutions or I may just play it through to look at the graphics and experience the technology...
3	B00005NGS3	A dying French explorer tells you to take a mysterious white egg back to its rightful tribe in the Amerzone. So begins your fascinating journey across continents and time. Amerzone is a short game, but full of unique creatures, modes of transportation and an original storyline based on Benoit Sokal's comic books. The graphics are simply gorgeous. The Amerzone journal contains pen and ink sketches of the flora and fauna of the Amerzone, watercolours of important scenes, etc. It is like an interactive gallery, but there are clues hidden in the notebook as well.Music is scarce. Sound effects are brilliant, especially nature sounds: birdcalls, hoots and groans from unknown species of the Amerzone. Voice acting is so-so, although like Myst you do not meet many people (somewhere around four or five). There are some awkward translations from French to English.You start your journey in the windswept, rocky, drab grey region of Brittany (the Celtic region of France). The game will whisk you away to a South American country (obviously modelled on Brazil) oppressed by a dictator. The natives have been exploited, and their white egg was stolen by the aforementioned explorer. Your mission is to return it to them. Along the way you will discover that the explorer/inventor left behind many interesting gadgets and modes of transportation. Yes, there are some flaws of logic: floppy discs in the 1920s? But this is a beautiful, unique adventure game that always feels real. You have the chance to explore a lighthouse, a sleepy Hispanic village, a native village, an abandoned airplane hangar and bar (complete with poster of Casablanca on the wall), a jungle and a volcano.If you are a fan of Myst and exploration games, this is for you. This is a slow-paced beginners' game that is different from the rest, both in visual style and in content. Amerzone is worth the trip, believe me.
3	B00005NGS3	I am shocked this only got three stars for so many...I personally adored this game. I didnt want to end. It is easy  enough (for me anyway) so I dont end up tossing the computer through the window and hard enough for me to give some brain power....a trip down the amazon is amazing....
3	B00005NGS3	Well, Amerzone is no masterpiece, but it's well worth the money! (I doesn't coast much anyway). Graphics are smooth and clear, and the interface is easy to use. Granted, this game has borrowed a lot from Riven (Myst2), but overall it makes for a nice game. Amerzone is very simple, so it's not for those who are on the lookout for mindboggling puzzles. You won't find them in Amerzone. The storyline is simple also (follow in the footsteps of an explorer, and make good his wrongdoings). I liked it, but I could imagine that Myst-players miss the deeper layers. The atmosphere of the games, to wich the sounds contribute a lot, is great. From misty France to tropical Amerzone, it's quite beautiful and enjoyable. It has plenty of humour too, wich is lacking in some other adventuregames. The game is very short though, even with four cd's, you could play it in a day or less. But if you're tired of rewandering the difficult routes as in Riven and Exile, this makes for a nice, easy change. It's a good buy.
3	B00005NGS3	I actually enjoyed this game quite a bit and I'm not entirely sure why.  It shared a number of traits that I have found quite annoying in other games, but for some unknown reason they did not annoy me here.Except for the initial &quot;chapter,&quot; Amerzone is very, very linear.  There is only one way you can go and one thing you can do at any given time.  The linearity becomes more and more pronounced as the game progresses.  This is partly due to the plotline, in which you have to travel up a river, making stops along the way.Every puzzle in the game except for one was either inventory based or a simple matter of flipping a switch.  So gameplay was essentially a matter of looking around and seeing what you could pick up. Solving the puzzles was VERY easy, especially since you could simply keep trying various inventory items until one worked, but this was never really necessary.  There were one or two puzzles that I solved without knowing what I did or why.  I think I would have liked it if there had been just a little more information about certain things.The first thing that struck me about Amerzone was the beauty of the graphics, particularly the watercolours in Alexandre's journal.  This is a very restful game to the eyes.  The human characters are very cartoony -- almost resembling Terry Gilliam animations.  This is not surprising as designer Benoit S. is a French cartoonist.  Weirdly, though, the cartoony-ness of the characters didn't stand out horribly as it does in some other games.The ending is abrupt and a little lame.  I think this might be a good game for a younger person who hasn't played an adventure game before and wants to see what it's all about.  I personally played Amerzone at a stressful time in my life, and found it soothing;  I liked looking at the pretty pictures and the puzzles were merely a way to see more pretty pictures so I was kind of glad they were easy.  If you want a challenge, though, this isn't the game you want.
3	B00005NGS5	Conquest Frontier Wars is a great game! It has prooven ideas and techniques, as well as new ones that really make this game unique. Think of it as 4X meets RTS. The three races greatly resemble the Starcraft races not only in looks, but in the technology they use. But other than that, the races are unique from each other, yet well balanced. The graphics in this game are phenominal! Although not completely 3D, the Starfields, asteroid belts, planets, nebulae, etc. are very well done. The ships look even better. They are incredibly detailed, from the rotating laser turrets on the Terran battleships, to the Celearon's beautiful shine. The weapons are very believe not only technology wise, but looks to.Raings: (1-10)Graphics: 9The graphics are beautiful, no aspect has been overlooked. The reason it isn't a 10 is that the ships, even on high reselution, aren't perfectly rendered on the edges, making them slightly jagged.Sounds: 8Most of the sound effects are very realistic and really draw you in. The weapon sounds fit perfectly in the battles, and each are unique, you can tell which ships are fireing. The main thing I don't like, is the way the mantis talk. Although cute at first, they get very annoying very quickly.Gameplay: 10The traditional RTS and 4X style games merge perfectly to create a game that will give you many hours of fun. The campain is only for terrans, but there is "training" for the other races. The multiplayer system works well, but few people have given this game a chance, so they are only a few people on at a time.Replayability: 10With 3 unique races, a great AI, multiplayer capability, and many ways to play the game, Conquest: Frontier Wars will give you so much fun for your money.This is a great game and is greatly overlooked, so if you have [$$$] lying around, you can pick up a copy of this game like I did and enjoy one of the best computer games to date. But if you want to fully enjoy the game, be prepared to download the40 Meg (est) patch. But trust me. It's worth it.
3	B00005NGS5	This game can be played the brute force way.  But it also offers specialized vessals for each of the three races in the game.  As we have all come to learn about this style of game, those who understand the units with special abilities will always prevail.  Using support units effectively and unit special abilities is of course a more difficult way to play because it means:leaning to understand these special units and the value of their special abilitiesmicro managing ships in battle in order to exploit these ships and their abilitiesdeveloping your ability to plan strategy around these special unitsIn the end if you can do these things you will be unstoppable.  But there in is the rub.  For this to happen you need to have lots of game time so you rarely even begin to tap these potentials during the campaigns.  It is only is multiplayer gameplay of strategy games that you can take the time to do these three things.  And unfortnately this game did not succeed in this realm.I liked the game.  I thought it was a sleeper hit in its own right.  But in the final analysis it found its way off my disk drive in favor of other newer challenges.Hail Flavius!
3	B00005NGS5	When this game came out, the pictures I saw of the game made me think it was kind of hokey so I ignored it.  Two weeks ago, I saw a copy of it for sale at a retailer and picked it up and checked it out.  That afternoon, I went on Amazon.com and read the reviews.  The reviews convinced me to give it a try.  I bought it and it was terrific.  Best space game I've seen in quite a while and there was nothing hokey about it.  Its a good single/multiple player game playable at home or on the net.  The graphics were great and very innovative.  I was so impressed that I just bought a second copy of the game to give to a friend.  Top of the line.  Problem free.  A lot of work went into this game and it shows.
3	B00005NGS5	Really folks, this game has tons of potential, but hardly anyone has ever heard of it. My friend got it as a birthday present, and I played it, and loved it. So I bought it. The races seem to have been ripped off from starcraft however. You can play as the Humans, the Mantis (zerg) or the Celaeron (protoss). However the campaign and gameplay is completely unique. Instead of just building on one planet, you build platforms orbiting planets. Each map consists of a certain number of systems, connected by wormholes. It's a very unique concept, and it's implemented perfectly. The only thing missing from this excellent game is a map editor. This certainly detracts from replayability, but there is a good random map gameplay (similar to age of empires/kings) and there is multiplayer support. But hey, at $..., this is a bargain! Get this game! If you like RTS, you will like this!!
3	B00005NGS5	If you haven't heard of this game, you're one of the majority. It was a long time in the development and it wasn't very well advertised at all. It really is a pity, too, because this is one of the best strategy games out there.I first heard of this game through Amazon's recommendation, ironically enough, because I had purchased a more recent UBI Soft product- Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor. Do NOT get that. Get this instead. Even if you're not a strategy fan and are an RPG fan, this game beats POR in every aspect related to fun. That said, this is a very excellent strategy game with a cool plot and incredible graphics. It was originally conceived by Wing Commander guru Chris Roberts, and it shows in the way the fleets fight (the Terrans are especially recognizable). As is the norm for such a production, the cinematics and briefings are very well done and quite funny from time to time.As far as I know, this is the first strategy game in which you can fight on multiple maps at the same time. It's really something you need to experience yourself, and it definitely puts Conquest in a class of its own. The way you travel between maps is somewhat reminiscent of wormholes in Star Trek: Armada, though they actually send you to a completely different place rather than somewhere else on the same one. The resource model is similar to that of Starcraft- there's metal and gas, and command points (basically supply, or officers in Armada). Additionally, there's crew, which you need for new ships. All the resources are harvested from planets or debris fields, and you build sensor stations for more command points, which let you increase the number of your forces. The resource system is pretty unique, in that you use harvesters like in Command &amp; Conquer, but you can also just sit and mine up planets if you'd rather do that. Of course, it doesn't hurt to do both.The units in the game are diverse, yet the three races are very well balanced. Conquest is remarkable in this aspect, as each of the races are fundamentally different but can be played to an equally effective degree. For example, Terrans use metal more than anything else, while the Mantis (the typical alien bug invaders) emphasize crew, and the Celareons love to burn gas.When I got Star Trek: Armada, I thought the graphics were absolutely amazing. Well, Conquest looks much better, without a shade of a doubt. You can zoom in to see the remarkable detail- turrets swivel, fighters dogfight, and exploding ships send out showers of debris. It's really quite a nice game just for the artistic aspect of it. The computer generated characters that brief you are also nicely done, and actually manage to convey a sense of personality. The only thing I didn't like about the graphics was the nebulae and debris fields- they're too squarish. It would have been perfect if they had done a little polishing on that part.The single player missions are really quite fun, and should keep you occupied for some time. It's a more or less straightforward alien invader plot, but the briefings make it quite engrossing, and the story does take some interesting twists. If you're not a multiplayer person, you won't be disappointed by Conquest.As for stability issues, Conquest has a few problems. It tends to freeze or crash when you start a new game, but if you get past the first ten seconds it's usually fine. Sometimes you might experience a freeze ingame, which I have noticed usually coincides with when one of the talking heads pops up. Save often to avoid losing your progress.All in all, this game is WELL worth the cost, especially if you're a strategy gamer. It has all the aspects of a good RTS, and some that are quite revolutionary. If anything, it also deserves high marks for style and polish. Definitely worth checking out.
3	B00005NH6B	This game does the Dark Knight justice. As Batman, you have an assortment of gadgets at your disposal, including: baterangs, batgrapple, an electric stun gun, and restraint nets. Those are just a few of them. Batman is also able to use his cape as a sort of parachute to slow his decent if he falls from a high place. Don't try to jump to the street off of a building though because the mission will be failed. The game was well thought up. The Joker is killed early in the game. The next series of missions have to do with other villians who are trying to gain power such as Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy. As it turns out, Batman was just a pawn in the sick game of the Joker. He returns near the end to reveal that Batman has set up his whole scheme for him with out even knowing it. During the game you are able to drive the batmobile and batplane. This game is fun to play because it actually requires you to think like the caped crusader and figure out little things all through out the game. So, if you think you might get frustrated with the game if you have to do a little bit of thinking, then rent it first before buying it. Other than that it is a good game for batman fans of all ages. Have fun.....
3	B00005NH6B	Having played most of the other Batman games, I can say definitely that this is the best of the lot.  The cinematics are great, and it game play isn't too hard to start out with.  Most games I own have the cheat codes nearby, but this one is challenging without being impossible, so there's no need for that yet.  The game's not perfect though.  There are a few areas that are a little hard to figure out what you're supposed to be doing (during one training session, you're told to free fall and how to speed it up or slow it down, but you're never told what you're falling after...it's a training dummy that's falling faster than you, by the way).  Plus, sometimes Batman breaks into a run when you just want to change positions on him, which causes a few problems when navigating narrow ledges.  I love the fact that with a push of a button you can immediately have the camera back behind you so it's easy to see things if the camera angle gets freaky (a little attribute that the new Spider Man game DESPERATELY needed).  It's a lot of fun, and entertaining enough to keep the kids (and their parents like me) having fun for a long time.  You definitely want to add this one to your collection (at least until the next Tomb Raider comes along - or the sequel to this game!).
3	B00005NH6B	The graphics, special effects and dialog were incredible. Crashed a lot in the Batplane & the Batmobile. Would have enjoyed more episodes involving, as Joker puts it, "these wonderful toys" even though the controls were a bit difficult to handle. Only played the game through once because it was challenging but also frustrating. You could not save often. I hate spending even 20 minutes trying to complete a level only to find you were knocked out & have to start from the beginning of the level again. Had to rely on the Strategy Guide to help me find one of the secret keys to unlock Batman's steath powers (that was tough - your perspective is off because of the camera angle). I thank the designers for allowing the game to save the key even if you could not trace your steps back across the floating crates. I had to start over again but at least I had the key. If you can tolerate the annoying camera angles & not being able to save often, then you're going to have hours of fun playing this game. To the Batmobile...
3	B00005NH6B	One of the best Batman games before he went to the Arkham Asylum series. If you like superhero games you will like this game.
3	B00005NH6B	Being a Batman fan, I had to have this game.  From previous playstation games, I have been disappointed in the game, but I gave Batman Vengeance a chance and I was glad I did.  This by far is the best Batman game I have ever played.  The not so close 2nd place game is Batman the animated series game for Super Nintendo.  The game has great graphics.  My only complaint was the story line.  Knowing the character Batman, in the beginning there was a mystery which I solved before the story line did, and Batman being the world's greatest detective should have solved at the moment too.  Aside from that, it was entertaining.  It is a little dark, but you have a brightness adjustment in the beginning of the game to adjust to your liking and that was a bonus.  It also gives you a training seminar, which you have to go through.  You will be glad you did, for it does give you a chance to get a feel for the controls.  I've played and completed it 3 times, two of them in two days.  The replay value is definitely there.
3	B00005NH6B	I bought it to go with my complete set of Batman video games for the PS2. It went well with my set.
3	B00005NH6B	My son plays this all the time and adores it. He told me to say, great game and it's a lot of fun.
3	B00005NH6B	This game is great to play.  It has lots of challenging levels and it's great that they used the voices from the animated series.  The only problem is that it's very easy to get stuck on a level.
3	B00005NH6B	Batman Vengeance is an awesome game, that's all there is to it.  The Batman games of the past have been crap, but this one changes the series forever.  Batman Vengeance has a decent plot, but it's too complicated to explain over a review.  The game's villains include the Joker, Harley (Joker's girlfriend), Mr. Freeze (the hardest boss), and Poison Ivy.  Batman gets to drive the Batplane and the Batmobile which are some pretty decent levels.  GET THIS GAME!!  It beats Activision's SPIDER-Man by far with more of a challenge and better gameplay.
3	B00005NH6B	Batman: Vengeance looks just like the cartoon, including the voice actors and designs. This game takes place after the cancellation of the Batman cartoon series. That's the latest incarnation -- not the original series, but the slimmer, darker version of Batman that incorporated designs from the movie. For those of you who didn't follow along, Batman lost Robin and only had Batgirl as a sidekick.Batman: Vengeance, starts out right. You are immediately thrust into play as Batman slides down a slippery slope with an explosion behind him. The player doesn't have a whole lot to do -- for the most part, Batman's going to make it regarless if Batsy slides to the left or right -- but it got me excited about the game.Batman's got a compelling plot, including Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and Mr. Freeze, led by the Joker (voiced by &quot;I used to be Luke Skywalker&quot; Mark Hamil). The Joker maneuvers Batman into release the right combination of chemicals in an effort to stop other villains. By manipulating Batman into these situations, he inadvertently mixes a dangerous concoction that threatens Gotham.Things look a bit different because the characters are rendered in three dimensions, which is different from Superman: Shadow of Apocalips. So the characters look similar, but they're not quite right.Batman has a multitude of tools at his disposal, including the Batmobile and the Batjet. Batman vaults around the city with his batgrapple, throws batarangs, and uses his cloak as a defense as well as a means of gliding from place to place. Which is important, because Batman fights on a lot of rooftops and ledges -- death from falling happened a lot.The game takes itself seriously. Joker, Harley, and their cronies play for keeps. They shoot machineguns, try to push you off ledges, and otherwise kill you. True to the cartoon, the bad guys fight dirty and it's up to Batman to use his formidable abilities to overcome his disadvantage -- ya know, not having a gun.Batman is well-rendered, but there were some graphic flaws. There is a &quot;snap to&quot; function that allows you to recenter the camera, facing the way Batman's facing. This is less of a good use of the camera as it is a lazy fix to a problem that is problematic for too many games. Unfortunately, it snaps so quickly that sometimes I became disoriented by the new angle. Additionally, the camera is an object and will bounce off walls, forcing itself literally inside Bat's head. Which looks weird and doesn't help the perspective if Batman is against a wall.Batman also has some clipping bugs. In at least two different cases, Batman froze in space after getting trapped on the corner of a three-dimensional object. Then he couldn't leave it and I had to start over. Batman: Vengeance only saves when you IT wants you to. You have to finish the board to get to that point, which makes for an either frustrating or easy experience, depending on your level of skill.By far the best part of the game is fighting my favorite villain, Mr. Freeze. Sure enough, Freeze cannot be fought in hand-to-hand combat (if you've ever seen Batman try, you'll understand) and it requires some crafty maneuvering. There are a multitude of mini-games that test your skill and your brains. Although none are particularly hard, they help break up the gameplay. There are puzzle games, the aforementioned Batmobile and Batjet games, and some other puzzles.This is good, because barring the unique villains (including Mr. Freeze's Eskimo chickies, Poison Ivy's root-men, and the Joker's mimes), there isn't too many bad guy types. The villains do, in typical movie fashion, stop shooting once Batman engages one of their comrades in melee, politely waiting until he goes down to resume firing. They also react to their surroundings, listening to noises, reacting to their allies socking one to Bats (they cheer), and falling off ledges. Yes, you can actually knock someone off a building and watch them plunge to their death. Now THAT'S Batman!Overall, Batman: Vengeance is an excellent balance of puzzles, action, and style. It was a great opportunity to return to the cartoon I enjoyed so much.
3	B00005NH6B	I just purchased this game today and I don't know what to think because I don't want to play it until christmas, but if I do play it it will take away from the suspense and come christmas I will be board with it. Judging By what I have heard about it I think it will be a pretty good game.As much as I used to like Batman when I was a kid and for the price you could not go wrong.
3	B00005NH6B	Batman's graphics are lovely, sound nice, story good.  On the down side though, Batman's movements are stiff.  He falls off of things to his death, often.  I find that frustrating considering todays, new gaming technology.  Batman's weapons are imaginative but slow to utilize.  The batgrappler is sometimes difficult to target.  I love the Batmobile and Batplane.  They're fast and exciting to play with.
3	B00005NH6B	To get started, I'll come out and say I'm NOT a big Batman fan. As a little kid, I did, however, watch the show pretty much every time it was on and enjoyed it. Now, I'm guessing about 6 years later, my interests have completely changed. And, yes, my favorite superhero is now Spider-Man :). But, having the love of action/RPG/Adventure games, I added this to my Christmas list, and, sure enough, I recieved it. The levels can be complex; some more than others. In the first level, you start out as the Dark Knight on what seems to be a normal nightly patrol. But, as you go deeper into the story, you realize he is looking for someone. As you continue his search, you must adjust your eyes to the dark (and sometimes ANNOYINGLY dark) setting around you, climb ladders, glide from building to building, and do many other things, just like you do in pretty much every level. At the end of the level, you stumble upon a bound & gagged woman. As you walk up to untie her, a silent muffle comes from beneath her taped-shut mouth. You pull the tape off, and a shrill scream cries, "IT'S A TRAP!!". You grab the girl and get out of there as fast as you can, and, after that, Batman's new journey begins.This game is just like the old series, "Batman: The Animated Series", complete with Batgirl, the butler (forget his name), The Joker, Mr. Freeze, and many, many others, though, strangely, no "Boy Wonder" Robin. Too bad. It would've been cool if you could switch characters every other level or something like that, but, moving on. The combat controls are very easy to use, but the exploring/walking-around controls can be hard to use. But, if you're a fan of Batman or just looking for a good adventure game, you should at least rent this.
3	B00005NH6B	AFTER SEEING ALL THE ILL FATED ATTEMPTS AT DOING A GOOD BATMAN GAME , I WAS HESITANT GETTING THIS ONE AT ALL.BUT AFTER PLAYING IT ALL WEEKEND , I REALIZED THAT IT IS QUITE GOOD AFTER ALL.THE ONLY FLAW IS THE LACK OF WEAPONS IN SOME LEVELS ,AND THE BATMOBILE IS NOT EASY TO MANEUVER IN ONE LEVEL..BUT OVERALL IT IS A VERY GOOD GAME ! THE CUTAWAY SCENES IN ALL THE LEVELS ARE REALLY COOL .AND THE BOSSES ARE NOT THAT HARD . BUT YOU NEED GOOD TIMING , ESPECIALLY BATTLING '' POISON IVY'S '' MONSTER PLANT -AND GETTING JOKER TO DROP HIS MACHINEGUN..BUT THERE ARE 3 MAIN VILLAINS YOU MUST FIGHT- AS WELL AS TONS OF BOOBY TRAPS AND HENCHMEN TOO.PLUS THE SPECIAL MOVES YOU COLLECT ARE COOL TO USEAGAINST THUGS .YOU CAN EITHER BEAT EM UP AFTER USING  SOME SMOKE BOMBS,SNEAK UP BEHIND THEM AND CUFF THEM, OR GET THEM CAUGHT IN YOUR NETS .. IT IS ALL A MATTER OF YOUR STRATEGY.YOU CAN  ALSO GET A CHEAT TO PLAY INVISIBLE..RUNNING YOU WILL BE DOING A LOT OF , FIGHTING THE ROCKET GUY AND THE SWAT HELICOPTER ..SO GET A COOL GAME , AND CHECK OUT '' MARK OF KRI ''TOO ..
3	B00005NH6B	Batman Vengeance is the best superhero game ever.This game is ten times better than spiderman.
3	B00005NH6B	There isnt a superhero like a DC Comics superhero. Runner-up beside Superman Batman still holds his own. And now the duo has a new show Justice League! And now Batmans hit the PlayStation2.Now ABOUT the game for Sony PlayStation2. The ONE AND ONLY PROBLEM with this game is that its hard. But the other qualities of this game surely makes up for it. Amazing graphics looks like watching Batman The Animated Series on DVD. Fun for all ages. Good gameplay. PERFECT storyline! Trust me don't miss this game.
3	B00005NH6B	This is one of those games that chances are the average consumer will rent.  To be truthful as well unless you like the animated series as well you probably will pass this off as another action adventure game.  TO be truthful, it is.The idea behind this is that they take 4 original episodes and try to make a game with at least 3 action levels and 1 training.  There are a tremendouse amount of cinema sequences that sometimes helps explain whats going on, and other times to make the game longer.The episodes involve 2 with the joker, Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy.  There are 4 sub levels built into each episode which ranges from jumping from roof to roof, stealth, chase scene, boss fight, and a training session.  Not all of these are present in every episode.  For example episode 1 does not have a chase scene.  Meanwhile Episode 2 you don't do the whole roof top jumping.There is one thing that does kill it from getting this any higher, camera problems. A primary example is in the first fight with the Joker.  he is on a wreaking ball trying to hit you, as you dodge it whilem trying to hit him.  the camera in this scene is so [messed] up you will be frustrated when you try and defeat him.Aside from that small flaw, you have a pretty solid game.  IT has it's problem but what game doesn't these days.
3	B00005NH6G	Jade Cocoon 2 improves much on its previous installment in terms of gameplay, overall functionality and a revamped battle system. One-on-One battles have transformed into 3x3 melees for fun and exciting twists in battle. This game has full voice overs and is very well done. New Game + will keep you playing for hours and hours.
3	B00005NH6G	I am sorry to have to say this, but this sequel to the highly entertaining and original Jade Cocoon is not only totally unlike its predecessor, but it is without doubt the single worst RPG that I have ever played. (And I did finish the game, because I didn't have the heart to stop playing the sequel to one of my favorite games without really giving it a chance.)Why?  First of all, all of the features that made Jade Cocoon fun and interesting, such as catching monsters and breeding them and coming up with totally new monsters, breeding monsters to have a variety of available attacks within one elemental power, and upgrading armor and weapons of the player character as the game progresses are TOTALLY ABSENT FROM THIS GAME.  Instead of catching monsters and then breeding the monsters you catch to come up with a wide variety of different results, you have certain "Divine Beasts" (not "minions" anymore) that you hatch from eggs, and then you go and defeat a limited number of certain kalma (evil divine beasts) to get cocoons that you then PAY a FEE to merge with the beasts that you hatched from the eggs.  This does not seem to affect the look of the beast or what it turns into at all.  Furthermore, a beast can only have one ability in any one elemental area at a time--it cannot have more than one different earth special attack, for example.Also--and this really bothers me--the battle system is totally different from the battle system in the original Jade Cocoon.  You cannot select which enemies your beasts attack when you are fighting, if there are multiple enemies; and your beasts can only use the type of elemental attack that they are aligned with on your beast amulet.  If a beast is currently on the fire side of the amulet, it can only do fire attacks--and it can only have ONE fire attack.  As if having tremendously frustrating battles weren't enough, these battles are constant.  You are constantly getting into stupid, very rarely avoidable little fights with the annoying little beasts that are roaming about everywhere.  It is very repetetive, monotonous, and unsatisfying.  Also, any battles that are supposed to be difficult are merely a matter of waiting until your enemy's MP is totally drained--then, even the bosses are ridiculously simple to beat.Finally, there are two other major problems with this game.  1. The localization is not that great.  Characters say things that sound unnatural.  For example, they often say, "Yow" or "Yeow" to express surprise when a more natural translation would be "Yikes" or "Wow."  (This happens a lot in translating from Japanese to English, with this particular word, as you will notice if you read any mangas.  Don't ask me why.)  2. There is practically no plot.  It is a common problem in current RPG's to have too many cutscenes, but this game goes to the opposite extreme--there are practically none.  What little plot there is is simply uninteresting.So, if you're looking for a good monster-breeding RPG, play the original Jade Cocoon.  I regret to say that I would not recommend this game to anyone, especially fans of the original game.
3	B00005NH6G	This is a unique and intriguing game.  I am glad to have bought both games. Great series even for beginers
3	B00005NH6G	By popular belief, a system will not reach phenomena-status unless it gives rise to every kind of genre.  It isn`t a ham-fisted deduction to assert that Sony's unwavering PlayStation came out on top, smashing the Sega Saturn and N64 into smithereens.  Their current powerhouse, the PS2, has yet to be outperformed.  Thus, it's not another speculation to believe that Sony's success is due on the behalf of a certain genre.  What's now an essential ingredient for gaming diets everywhere, RPGs determine fates.  As the eagerly-awaited spectacle, Final Fantasy X, closes in ever so slight, Genki's Jade Cocoon 2 will clearly fill in the gap.  Released about the same time with Square's Goliath, Jade Cocoon 2 struts the muscle of the PS2 harness and flexes a playable and enjoyable journey.I'll be quick about it, "pika, pika," is finished, Pokemon is at last. . .dead.  Now stop comparing it to Jade Cocoon's awesome rudiments to that nauseating craze.  Genki's previous attempt was all about an extremely glossy monster-breeding simulation, and round two remains unchanged.  Where others flopped, JC2 hypnotizes gamers inside an experience none can rival.  Modifying the previous monster-raising system, plunking great innovations, and keeping an authentic structure to its predecessor, the follow-up soars well beyond the first.  Simply among the most enthused RPGs this year, the 3D atmosphere sizes up a faintly tricky learning-curve that may overshadow the great depth this RPG endorses.The first game ended when protagonist, Levant, cleansed the Forest from its wicked aggressors.  With his village mending wounds from the ordeal, the Cocoon Master gained immortality.  Centuries have dragged by and now Levant is proven to be a critical guide to our newest hero.  Enter Cafu, an aspiring Beast Hunter.  Taken by the art of capturing and playing God with monsters, Cafu has unexpectedly been cursed as a demon himself.  Now time is his own future slayer, slowly it bleeds out his human existence.  Branded as the Seeker of the Orbs, Cafu must scour uncertain mazes of woodland and snatch particular orbs to reclaim his true self.  Feral walls of wild beasts must be tamed, grown, bred, brought onto battlefield as allies, and go deeper in the elusive forest to prevent Cafu from unavoidable doom.Revamping all the nooks and crannies from the original, there is still an elegant bag of surprises.  Once into the game, Levant bequeaths Cafu with an amulet to control two friendly critters.  In combat, the amulet has a total of eight openings for your creatures to be planted on.  Leveling up Cafu's stats and his reputation at town earns additional slots.  Battle, menu-based, is focused on Cafu and the adjacent challenger who are surrounded with a ring of their own monsters.  Behaving like a rotating wheel, if there is a hole in the shield of monsters, both Beast Hunters are open to damage.  Dishing up some strategy degree, each monster keeps an elemental makeup (Fire, Water, Wind, and Earth).  Working almost via-rock-paper-scissor style, combat accelerates chunkier as you advance through your journey.  Dipping you in a series of engrossing fights, Jade Cocoon 2 goes around the Turn-Based dud.JC2's chief point is its respectable monster-raising system.  Adding bucket loads of involvement, you must perform a sequence of undertakings to modify, collect, and form a monster of your own zest.  Staying true with the concept of amalgamating two creatures to share parental traits, JC2 also has the option to let newborns be bred endlessly.  It'll take continual experimenting to model  a flawless pedigree.  Collecting monster eggs require Cafu to trek within the woods.  Featuring better, prearranged areas, you are to mostly penetrate giant plants and furrow for their keyspores.  Serving as keys to open subsequent, accessible areas, the exploration level is huge.  Yeah, it's linear, but the direction in the game is still far better than the often puzzling original.  Customary procedures of moving between town to town, gathering information, and throwing a bargain of vast voyages, Genki's second effort is a virtual textbook on "How to Create a True RPG and Monster-Breeding Simulator Done Right."The graphical department is breathtaking.  If you thought Pikmin for the GameCube was the mind of an alcoholic, Jade Cocoon 2 is the mind of a Sci-Fi writer.  "Big" isn't fit to express how large this RPG is, extraordinarily gigantic is more like it.  Geared in a watertight execution of polygons, the environment bolsters nicely with the sprite-based characters.  Integrating anime-style characters, the uncanny look on this game is mesmerizing.  Beaming with shady, yet delicately dazzling eye candy, the emphasis on creativity doesn't bog the game down.  From house to towns, from caves to never-ending flora, Genki illustrates how much flair they can achieve graphically.  With a technically advance face-lift, JC2's soundtrack is just as rich.  In tides of duel and all over between, the tracks are relentless and tasteful.  Swallowed in a convincing 3D realm, packed with 200 cut-scenes, and speaking in full English voice-overs, I know where my fifty bucks went.Localized with high-quality text, Ubi Soft was right to publish JC2.  It`s just an attachment of great gaming from beginning to end.  Heaving with a barrage of slick-looking animated characters and flowery special effects, this title could be a tad bit of competition against the fearsome Final Fantasy X.  It's just THAT good.  Teasing you with two hundred different types of monsters to discipline and an easy to learn battle interface, Jade Cocoon 2 has all the trappings of an RPG which shouldn't be missed under the Holiday flood.
3	B00005NH6G	Jade Cocoon 2 won't win any awards for being a deep, meaningful RPG.  But it is a solid adventure that'll please fans of other creature-catching games like Monster Rancher, Digimon or Pokemon.The story starts in familiar territory for the genre with a young boy taking his first steps to become a master of monsters (in this case, a legendary Beast Hunter).  The plot takes a refreshing twist into uncharted territory:  you become possessed by an evil spirit and end up being hunted by the very hunters you're trying to join.Despite the engaging storyline, there's too much repetitive gameplay.  Most of the time is spent wandering through maze-like forests, battling a few monsters and Beast Hunters until you find the key that gives you access to the next area.  That's about it.  Its saving grace is that the environments look amazing.  The games visuals are great-- anime style character designs and nasty-looking beasts.JC2 has a unique battle system.  You surround yourself with monsters you've caught or bought and place them in a circle around you based on their elemental strengths.  Depending on which element is in front, you can attack, defend or heal.  Although it has a good amount of strategy, it unfortunately lacks the ability to let you decide which attacks are used on specific members of the enemy's party.  You just send your front line into battle and hope they use an attack to do some damage.Jade Cocoon 2 is a pretty fun monster catcher game.  The repetitive environments lose points, but it's story, strategic battle system and graphic style make up for this.
3	B00005NH6G	THE GOOD:A vast aray of monsters to train each with their own stlye and flare. A few old favorites make it to the PS 2 like Levant, Mu, and Ra. The Sweet Knights are cute (they remind me of misty and her sisters from pokemon). Battle in tournaments. Take up jobs like a bounty hunter. Find a vast amount of different and unique items (like sweet knights collectables). Evolve durring a battle to give you the edge.THE BAD:Merging is possiable but you have to merge with a base set and it doesn't change their apperence all it does is cause them to revert back to their baby form. You can't capture any more you have to find or buy the eggs. The main character can't fight normaly like Levant could. The beast amulate battle type in my opinion is'nt as good as the original battle type from Jade coccon one. No anime cut scene like the originals opening. Your monster can only know two fighting techs at a time.SUMMARY:In my opinion this does not stand up to the original. This kid will always live in Levant's shadow in my eyes.
3	B00005NHDU	The game was easy to install. It's easy to learn, nice interface. The graphics are great, nice water effects. You can even see plankton if you wish. Good sound effects and music. The first mission has cool techno music. The game will run in most Windows formats. It did crash to my desktop a couple times. It's a very fun game I would highly recommend it. Only if you have a good enough system though. The system requirements are minimum and not recommended. If your system can handle it, it's well worth it.
3	B00005NHDU	Aquanox is a great game combining the FPS and RPG genre with a twist.  Its like an RPG in the sense that you talk to so many NPC's and your missions are kinda like the quest in RPG's.  It also is oviously a FPS because of the way the game is played making this game somewhat of a combo.  The think that amazed me most about this game was the graphics.  Ive played many games with great graphics, Alice, Halo, Giants etc... but NOTHING has been as pretty as this game.  The detail is amazing on all the terrain and vehicles.  Also the multiplayer aspect adds alot and makes the replay value go up.  Aquanox is a great game for ne FPS fan.
3	B00005NHDU	THEME: Year 2666. Humans live deep in the oceans... You play as a mercenary Emerald &quot;Dead Eye&quot; Flint, fight your way through the stunning, photo-realistic underwater environments and hi-tech cities while participating in glorious battles.GRAPHICS: Oh yeah! The visuals are magic, superb, brilliant... just cannot be described in words! AquaNox leverages the GeForce3 nfiniteFX engine to deliver photo-realism in real time. Over 160 Vertex Shaders are used to implement special effects such as layered fog, caustics, photo-realistic materials, radiosity lighting, and real-time shadows. Higher order surfaces are used to create organic enemies, and Pixel Shaders are utilized for bump mapping and volumetric lighting effects. Only by using NVIDIA's hardware Vertex Shaders and Pixel Shaders, are they able to achieve their unique lighting solution at great frame rates. AquaNox and its technology, the krass'engine is the most advanced and impressive yet.SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: Geforce 3 or higher here is a necessity! And even forget about this killer game unless you have at least a 0.9 ghz processor! No offense, but you are the most stupid gamer ever if you don't have at least 128 MB RAM and even thinking about buying ANY games at this point, definetely not the thrilling Aquanox. The developers were working very closely with NVIDIA, so don't be disappointed when your Radeon or Voodoo 5 or whatever will give you a headache at the game's highest settings. So get yourself some NVIDIA gear and get started... YOU WILL GET BLOWN AWAY!Conclusion: Aquanox delivers you exciting gameplay, SUPERIOR graphics and great sound at blazing 60 fps (with Geforce 3 GPU and a CPU that is close to 1 ghz of course). It will take you much beyond the game...unless you do not have the right machine for it.
3	B00005NHSC	this game is addictive by its own right as the most fun video game.the game is available for xbox 360 now at game stop preowned for 17.00its also available on ps3 and ps2.tetris worlds is on ps2 and xbox its just tetris.
3	B00005NHSC	this has to be one of the best games to play. it sure keeps you on your toes and no matter how many times you play it's never the same
3	B00005NIMB	If you're a (flight) simulator fan, this joystick is really worth the money.  It is well built with a nice feel and feedback effects.When I was shopping for force feedback joysticks I was torn between this and the Logitech &quot;3D&quot; model.  I have to admit, the Logic had a nicer design.  The stick itself had a slightly better feel and the throw on the throttle control was longer and more precise.  However, I decided to go with the Microsoft model because of the positive experience I've had with their force feedback steering wheel.  Just like the wheel, the construction on the joystick is very solid.  I expect this will stand up to a lot of abuse.This stick is not without it's drawbacks.  First, the throttle control is a bit small.  I would like something a bit bigger and with a bit more resitance.  Second, the force feedback is only activated when you are fully grasping the stick.  This is actually a neat feature, but can be annoying when you don't feel like &quot;properly&quot; holding the stick.
3	B00005NIMB	Overall, this is a really great joystick which offer tremendous force feedback. The buttons are well-placed, and the ergonomic feel of the grip is outstanding. Unlike many other sticks, the Sidewinder offers twisting rudder control, which is key for many flight simulators and games such as MechWarrior.A couple of items really detract from the experience, however. I found the throttle control to be far too short and far too &quot;touchy;&quot; it offers very little resistance, and it's entirely too easy to blast yourself to full throttle without realizing. Also, the joystick is activated when you wrap your finger around it - there's a small beam that, when interrupted, brings the joystick online and upright. The problem here comes when I relax my grip at all - there are times when I want to stretch my fingers out in front of the stick, and then suddenly I find that the stick has gone limp. ARGH! It's also a really large piece of equipment, simply because that's how things are with force feedback right now; but it doesn't easily find space on my fairly-crowded desk.Despite these detractions, it's still an excellent device overall. There are 7 buttons (three on the top of the stick, four on the base ahead of the throttle control,) plus the trigger and a &quot;hat&quot; control. It comes with good software which includes sample force feedback settings - this was the first force feedback stick I've owned, and running it through the automated feedbacks was huge fun. :-)So, great piece of MS hardware with a few defects, only one of which I find hugely detrimental (the grip light.) Two thumbs up.
3	B00005NIMB	I have had this joystick for a number of years and it has performed well. From time to time I have had issues with installing this on other operating systems but because it is so old the chance for it being recognized is fairly high.Installation (+)Just install the software and then plug it in. Most games recognize it right away.Force Feedback (+)This is a very strong force feedback joystick. It can feel like arm wrestling when you are flying a plane and are pulling off high G maneuversOverall (+)Great joystick.Thanks for reading my review.
3	B00005NIMB	This joystick I wanted. Many years back when they first came out (1999) I think, I wanted one, but couldn't afford it then. Today thanks to Amazon.com I have one. And the best part is, it WORKS!!! Yes folks it works, but not just Windows 98 or ME that it was meant for, but on my Windows 7 64bit machine. I just wish it had come with the original factory software. Which I can't find today on the net.
3	B00005NIMB	Wanting a controller for racing and flight sim games, I purchased the Microsoft Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 Joystick.  The first thing I noticed is that it seems to be well made.  It is quite heavy, but not too heavy to hold.  The force feedback is the #1 reason anyone would buy this, and this feature varies from game to game.  On some games, it felt totally unnecessary and didn't add anything to the game.  On others, it complimented it nicely.  The feedback response seems to be strong on this controller.I would recommend this controller to anyone that is *really* into gaming.  Otherwise, forgo the feedback and just get a regular joystick.  If you play console type games or shooters, get a gamepad!One thing to note - whatever you do - do NOT lose the CD that comes with this.  It contains the drivers needed to install this joystick.  Microsoft does NOT have them on its website.  Windows XP will not auto-detect and install the joystick.
3	B00005NIMB	I have installed and used this stick on a HP PIII laptop and an E-machines Celeron Desktop.  Both systems running Win XP.  Installation was straitforward and went without a hitch.  I have used the stick with MS FS2002, MS Combat FS, Novalogic F-16, Novalogic Mig-29, Crimson Skies, and even Motocross Madness 2.  All games play fine.  I have had the old Novalogic games forever but never really played them because I have never had a joystick.  What a difference it makes playing these games.  On the games that provide force feedback the stick performs well also.  With the included software the stick is totally customizable allowing you to configure just about everything.  The stick is big and bulky so you need some space to set it when not in use.  The base is 10" wide by 9" deep and it is pretty heavy.  I purchases this with a rebate for buying FS2002 and also other available Amazon rebates so am happy with the performance at the price I paid.
3	B00005NIMB	I have had and used the ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick sence it First came outand i have used it with Windows 98 and Windows XP and with all the Microsoft Flight Sim Games ie Combat Flight Sim 1, Flight Sim 2,Flight Sim 3,Flight Sim 98, Flight Sim 2000,Flight Sim 2004,plus more allwaysworked great with all my Flight Sim Games,I bought my First ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick in 1999,and after useing it for almost two years I lost the Rudder Control on the Joystick, I called Microsoft and ask them where I could get it serviced and repaired, the person I talked to ask me for the serial # on the bottom of the joystick,after I gave her that she told me just to throw that one away, and that they would just send me a nother one free of charge, In two days I had a Brand new ForceFeed back 2 Joystick which I have been useing sence 11/28/01 with out no problum.I know they have stoped making them now,But I have just bought A nother New one here on line today for a backup just in case this one I have everCrashs,so far I have been useing it now for six Years with out a ProblamI Have allways had good results with All my Microsoft Products.In My Opinion the ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick is a great Product.
3	B00005NIMB	I've had this joystick for oh 4 years perhaps, and it still runs. Considering microsoft stopped supporting this stick thats pretty good, i've used this in all the battlefield games, planetside, and with a little setup you'll be gtg. on a side note this is another of my belated reviews and this item is really hard to come by if you can.
3	B00005NISJ	Hello My name is jessica and im 18 years old i played this game when i was 10 and i still looove it so much!!!
3	B00005NISJ	To me this game was fun for awhile but then it started to get HARD.I know I know,That's not a reason to quit but to me it is.But still Good Game.
3	B00005NISJ	When I got this game, I expected much less than I got. This game is really good, and what makes it better is that it's made after one of my favorite shows - SpongeBob Squarepants. All SpongeBob fans will love this game. It even has voices in it, from the original characters. They are done very well too, but they are a little loud. The graphics are good, remember this is only a 2D game, so you can only go left and right. The music seems very fitting to the scene, and this really does have some of the best themes in it. You go all over the place, from Bikini Bottom to Jellyfish fields to the center of the earth. You meet the characters along the way, and they all help you. There are many special moves or items to use, which I love about the game.The game overall is pretty easy, but it is done very well. The graphics really do depict some wonderful scenes. This is the best game I have ever played that is made after a TV show, I promise that you'll have a lot of fun with the game. But it may not appeal to some of the more serious gamers, because it is kind of kiddish. Compared to Namco's games, like Pacman World and such, it is not as good. But even so it is still a lot of fun, and will keep you playing for hours on end.
3	B00005NISJ	My 5 yr old loves the show Sponge Bob so I bought the game for him, but it's not really for 5 year old (unless they are excellent game players) my son couldn't get past the first screen. You have to collect spatulas, catch jelly fish & try not to get hit by yellow fish & other enemies all at the sametime. You really need to know how to use the controller before playing this game. My 5 yr old didn't like playing But I LOVE the game!!! I ended up playing and he enjoyed watching sponge bob meet barnacle man. I hate games that you need a book & Internet to figure out (like tomb raiders), this one is easy but Challenging too!!! I'm glad I bought it was so much fun to play, and when my son gets better at the controller I'm sure it will be his favorite too.
3	B00005NIT9	For all those compairing this to Final Fantasy Tactics and calling it a clone... This came first... by a long shot, this game was made before Tactics.
3	B00005NIT9	Hoshigami is a good looking rpg tactical game. I enjoyed the MANY side quests and all the towers. It took well over 100 hours to complete them all. However I can honestly say that after all that I cant remember anything about the storyline what so ever. Its only been two weeks since i finished this game and i remember very little of the plot. I enjoyed defeating the dungeons, finding weapons, and using the well designed coin system, which was fun. If you can play strictly to enjoy the battle maps and side goodies i highly advise this title, however the story is lacking and forgettable.
3	B00005NIT9	I can go on all day about this game but im not ill just tell you the bascics. the graphic are great by ps1 standards detailed emviroments my only complaint is that the stages should have been done better. Ive also noticed that thair more enamies to fight in one battle than FFT also insted of getting to move once then attack once you can hit twice move twice use magic coins depending on how much rap meter you have. If your looking for a long game you found it you can easily play 100 hours and not know it just to get started it will take about 10 hours. all in all if you a final fantasy tactic fan this game will not dissapoint you and is one of the last great playstation 1 games.
3	B00005NIT9	I am enthralled, gone somersaulting in a world of medieval, fantasy splendor.  Famished for a tactical haven, besides PC Real-Time brutes such as StarCraft or C&amp;C, MaxFive, a nameless company behind Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth, homes on the Strategy/Turn-based vicinity, and grips a dynamic footing on what is easily the ultimate zenith the PlayStation shall ever conceive.  Like Dragon Quest VII, Hoshigami has been in the works for a wee-bit too long (well over two years), and at a first glance, the game seems principally archaic, but skulking behind its frail mask is a multiplex of strategic approval.  If you are currently wrestling with a tactical appetite, Hoshigami perfectly quenches it and then some, making you one elated, flabby chap.  Spiked with what was arguable Square's king for a Strategy/RPG, Final Fantasy Tactics and sleeper-hit, Ogre Tactics, Hoshigami borrows heavily on the two and fine-tunes their initial flaws to stage a central plane of gameplay glory.Gyrating on a gigantic floating realm called Mardias, Hoshigami breathes fresh, moderate life with a non-conventional tale  amongst the most amiable characters brought onto the RPG fodder.  As a main course we have three supreme kingdoms ruling the continent; Nightweld, Valaim, and Gerauld.  Altogether, the three are on the verge of lethal-hitting war.  With the mysterious disappearance of the moon, an ill-omened, world-destructive apocalypse is bound for Mardias.  Fazz, a youthful, high-spirited mercenary, rushes on the hero bandwagon to allay the war, and concurrently learns the mystery involving the Hoshigami, the Star Gods who supposedly stole the light of existence.  Although, retaining the "save the world from imminent destruction" plot, the considerable troupe of sundry characters suffices players to be towed and deeply engrossed upon days.  As an incentive, a number of astonishing story twists and turns are wonderfully unbuckled.  Primed Fantasy authors may even go googoo-gaagaa over Hoshigami's  inspirational storyline.Realizing that their graphics are quite obsolete, the guys of MaxFive fish out one heck of a wildcard, aggregating an excess  of gaming spoils.  Faithfully resembling FFT and Ogre Tactics, the player is first parked on a 2D map, akin to a wrinkly parchment with dots scattered from left to right.  Several story events and optional paths are lined above the map, hinting sunny non-linear gameplay.  Still on the map, players may save, visit shops, and organize battle configurations.  In each town or castle there are equipment, coin, and recruitment facilities, along with a temple to convert faith to a different Star God.  Preoccupying the player's social life are the long, ample, palm-sweaty battles.  At the start of each battle, the map layout is displayed while enemies are visible.  The player can select up to seven units to be deposited anywhere on the sizeable, 3D terrain as units are presented in 2D sprites.  Played in Turn-Based procedure, the number of speed a character possesses establishes the order on who initially moves first.  To help determine methods of victory  or warding an impending onslaught, a row of Face Queues keep track of action order, enabling decision-making to sink in.  Reminiscent of Front Mission 3, each party member is allotted with a certain number of movement points before a turn ends.  Unbroken are the traditional Move, Attack, Item, and Defend commands.  When a party member aims at an enemy, the accuracy and calculation of damage rolls up, followed by a rotating gauge acting as the basis on how the amount of damage is inflicted.  If the player hits the X button when the meter is max, a lofty amount of damage distributes on the unlucky opponent and vice versa.  Of all highlights, Hoshigami's grabbing feature is the Session Attack.  Letting units "shoot" enemies, a clean shot from the Session Attack will thrust opposition forces two grids away on the map, and if that enemy comes in reach with another hero on Session Mode, that unit will implement an extra strike, smacking the enemy back a second time.  Proving to be another tactical measure, the devastating combos are commonplace in the game.  Difficulty ramps up little by little as foes ensnare heroes in a box of Sessioned units.  On its skill learning system, Hoshigami is deficient of a class system.  Character development depends on the Vow level (worshipping of a Star God), and equippable coins, or Coinfeigns, as the source of acquiring powerful incantations.  Progressing further in the game, more formidable spells become accessible as characters gain strength, intelligence, HP, and MP.  With a smoothly fathomed excursion to a perfect strategic feast, Hoshigami has nothing to prove to the next-gen systems, but bravely certifies itself as a spin-off  from all the best tactical games released on the PS1, conducting a more extravagant tribute on how the PlayStation helped advance the gaming industry to reach  its cosmic enormity of today.Don't even deprive yourself from missing one of the most excellent games to be gracing on the PS1.  Once you surmount the dated graphics and rather plain, drumming, war-like music, be prepared for days of heartwarming characters thronging in an enchanting narrative.  Hoshigami is aimed for a good deal of exploration through immense and measurably intricate play.  Burgeoning in every gaming aspect, though a 2P mode would have been worthwhile, Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth has vastly contributed to  PlayStation's deluxe library of RPG's, redefining the Super Nintendo's Golden Age.
3	B00005NJZJ	This is probably the best wheel for ps2's GT3, but the price bites, and unless you are some super hardcore racer, I don't think you will play it for too long before you get sick of it. Especially if you already beat GT3 game using a controller.
3	B00005NLI9	the first was to easy and if you earned the hadoken upgrade the computer had no chance the second was the perfect challenge the upgrades were harder to find sigma was a hell of alot more difficult this time around and the fight against zero is pretty tough but not as tough as mega man x3 this game is brutal and unforgiving stick with the first 2
3	B00005NLI9	Mega Man X was such a huge success that Capcom had to continue the spin off Mega Man series with a sequel. And so they did with the release of Mega Man X2 for the Super NES in 1994. Touting a brand new graphics chip specifically made for the game itself, Capcom made sure that the fun continued with this second entry. While in some ways, X2 was better than the first one, but overall it's just more of the same (and that's a good thing.)Mega Man X2 finds Mega Man X rushing to a disturbance at an old abandoned robot factory to restore order there. Little did he realize that it was a trap meant for him and this is where the game starts out. After you get to the end, you face off against a giant robot. Beat him to see the rest of the intro. There are 3 robots looking to resurrect Zero, who sacrificed himself near the end of the first game. Why they want to do this is unknown to X but they are behind the new resistance of robots so you must defeat the new X-Hunters and make your way to the end to find out what's going on. Everything from the first game returns, including the same premise: you choose from 8 stages to explore and defeat the boss. Collect its weapon and you can use it against enemies and other Hunter bosses. The password system returns from the first game and this is how you save your progress. New to this game is the all-new themed stages, the side quest which you may or may not choose to complete (collecting Zero's old parts)and thanks to the graphics chip, all new special effects and graphical touches.The PROS: Graphically speaking, it is better than Mega Man X. You're in for a treat as to what you can see this time. The story is given more focus this time and you see just how the 3 secret robots play a significant role in the game. The overall presentation is good, the music is just as good to listen to and the sound effects do their job once again. The controls are the same as the last game so whether you played the first one or not, you will have no problems with it. Discovering the game's secret bonuses are cool as well: secret capsule that gives X a new add-on reminiscent of Street Fighter and a 2 player VS. mode accessed by inputting a certain code. Having the option to face off against the 3 secret robots to acquire Zero's parts actually impacts the game later on. If you beat them, you get his parts but if you ignore them, you'll face off against Zero near the end of the game. And of course, it's good to have the password system come back because it's a longer game and much harder than Mega Man X was.The CONS: The music isn't better than the memorable tracks you heard in Mega Man X. The game's difficulty is more brutal, thanks to the 3 secret robots. If you fight them for Zero's parts, prepare for grueling matches; and then you fight them all over again later on in the game! The game's difficulty curve does the reverse of what happened in Mega Man X: in X2, it drops the minute you fight Sigma (yes, he's back.) He's a complete JOKE this time compared to the first game and while the ending in MM X was awesome, this game's ending is not as spectacular.While the game is insanely hard but drops the ball at the last fight with Sigma and has an ending that doesn't compare to the end of Mega Man X, Mega Man X2 was still a sequel worth playing through. It had everything else going for it and will please all Mega Man X fans. It's hard to track this game down so you will have to settle with either a used copy or searching for the Mega Man X Anniversary Collection for the PS2/GC. I suggest for those who haven't played this game yet make sure to play Mega Man X first. I recommend this game to all Mega Man fans.
3	B00005NLI9	This game is, overall, better than the previous X installment. It has a good level of challenge, although once you get the hang of it, the game becomes pretty easy. The weapons, though somewhat dull and uncreative, are still pretty fun to mess around with. For example, changing the weather using your bubble splash, speed burner, strike chain, and crystal hunter in Wire Sponge's stage, and the priceless joy of making Crystal Snail chase his shell around by using the magnet mine on him. This game has awesome replay value, not necessarily cuz of all the secrets, but just because it's so much fun! The graphics are great, not like the first one where there wasn't really definition between colors. One of the best features of the game is the music. The tunes in X were cool, but the tunes in X2 are so cool I've died trying to finger drum along with the music (especially in Flame Stag's level). The only complaint I have about the game is the slow down. I personally think slow down looks pretty neat-o, but only when it's supposed to happen! It's NOT cool, for example, when you're trying to dodge junk being thrown at you by Morph Moth's cocoon form! Fortunately, that flaw is ruled out by the game's overall well roundedness. The gameplay, music, and number of hidden gizmos to find make this game a must have for long time fans and a best buy for people who are new to the series(too bad it's so expensive!).
3	B00005NLI9	Mega Man X2(1994): Part two of seven.Realizing that MM fans found the original MMX game to be a re-invigorating success for the series, Capcom answered the prayers of eager players and quickly pumped out a sequel for the following year. Here we have X2, the game that many long time fans claimed to be an undeniable classic. How does it fare? Get the lowdown:PROS:-IDEAS INTRODUCED IN THE FIRST GAME ARE BROUGHT TO THE FULL HERE. Now each and every piece of X's armor has its own unique, useful purpose. Fortunately, Capcom gave X the automatic ability to dash at the beginning, so that levels are easier to navigate from the get-go.-ARMOR PARTS ARE EXTREMELY WELL HIDDEN NOW. It's true. Not only is finding each part difficult for the first-time-gamer, but some of them require MORE THAN ONE ITEM to get to. The best example is the Moth stage part. You need the radar helmet to show you where to start digging in the ground, and the wheel gator weapon to dig. Plus, the hole which you're supposed to dig is very unnoticeable! Very clever, Capcom.-I LOVE THE ENERGY RECHARGE SPOTS. Once you have the X-buster and the moth weapon, you can find special "areas" where you can draw many large energy capsules to you over and over again. This saves time, and thus eliminates the tediousness in killing bots for energy.-THE BEST BOSSES AND BOSS IDEAS OF ALL THE X GAMES. These bosses truly show Capcom in their creative and innovative prime: A small junk-rock reploid which grows into Morph Moth halfway through the battle, a long stretch of desert for fighting the speedy Overdrive Ostrich, Magna Centipede's ability to permanently make X weaker (for the battle anyway). These are just a few of the awesome bosses this game has to offer.-THE ROBOT RIDE VEHICLES ARE MUCH IMPROVED. Well, one is actually a speed bike used in Ostrich's stage, but both that and the charging spike-claw armor make traversing the stages a more satisfying thrill-ride.-The story starts out as kind of a drag, but it REALLY PICKS UP towards the end. Zero and Sigma are explained more than in the previous game. Also, the idea about X and Zero fighting is brought up for the first time. I won't spoil anything else.-VIOLEN, SERGES, AND AGILE. Their random presence in each of the stage's mini-boss rooms gives the player something extra to do, in order to obtain each of Zero's parts and get the good ending. Plus, THESE BOSSES CAN GET PRETTY TRICKY TO BEAT.-SOME OF THE BEST MUSIC OF THE SNES X GAMES. Most of these tunes are unique and memorable, such as the waltzy Crystal Snail tune, the rocking Overdrive Ostrich tune, and the dark fast-paced boss music.-The introduction of the C4 chip, used to create vector 3D graphics. This makes for some interesting special effects and bosses.-Last thing, THE DRAGONPUNCH UPGRADE IS THE GREATEST WEAPON EVER!! The first game had the Hadoken fireball, but this special move is far more original and handy (one hit takes out most bosses!). However, it is very tough to get and the only way to use it is to have a full life bar.CONS:-While the stages themselves are more cleverly designed, ONCE YOU GET THE BODY ARMOR, MANY OF THEM AREN'T VERY DIFFICULT TO BEAT. This was always the case with MMX games, but more so here than in any other game.-There is only one problem with the mini-boss battles with Violen, Serges, and Agile. If they come to the stage that you choose, YOU HAVE TO BEAT THEM. Otherwise they will disappear forever, and therefore you will have to start the game over again if you want to get the good ending.-Many people claim that this game has a stronger story than the other MMX games. THIS IS NOT TRUE. While by no means a bad story, it comes off as very standard for a MM game, with nothing really special about it, until the end. Plus, this is where the idea of killing/resurrecting Zero came from, to be used again in X6. If you want a killer plotline then X1, X3, and X4 is where it's at.In the end, X2 is a stellar masterpiece in its own right, breaking off from X1's concept period, and enhancing them to new levels of gaming perfection. With very few flaws, this game ranks as one of the best in the series. I believe that X2 is accessible and easy enough to appeal to the newbees, while at the same time it gives the hardcore MM player enough challenges and secrets to keep them busy. 5 stars for an overall excellent SNES game. It's definitely one of my all-time favorites. From here, the series would take a bold jump in difficulty with X3, followed by a graphical upgrade (and a challenge-factor downgrade) in the following games. Now strap on your dash boots, get equipped with Magnet Missle, and go hunt down a copy of this game. You can't go wrong with X2.
3	B00005NLI9	If you've played the original Mega Man series and the first MMX, you should be familiar with the way the game is played, as the formula continues like this pretty much. Eight bosses, a few other bosses, gained weapons, and so on and so forth. A decent game.
3	B00005NLI9	This is one of my favorite megaman games and a super rare find. Get it before the price goes through the roof! Fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described. Great classic game to add to my collection. Highly recommended. Thanks! A+
3	B00005NLI9	After the sonic storm that was Mega Man X, there had to be more, and in now traditional Capcom form a sequel came to be.  So, one would ask, does X2 have what it takes to usurp the mighty X1?  Well...not really...but not by its own faults.  X1 was just such an amazing, outta-nowhere title that is damned hard to dethrone, and as it stands X2 should just be considered the next, awesome chapter in an equally awesome franchise.  X2, for what it's worth, kept the same elements afloat (Heart Tanks, Sub-Tanks, Armor Capsules, Ride Armor), only really coming alive by way of pre-32-bit graphic effects, great level designs, the introduction of the Land Speeder bike, and powerful bosses and weapons, not to mention the introduction of the X-Hunter sub-bosses and the return of the unstoppable Sigma, but in the end X2 only really treaded water.  Still, this is a strong title that belongs in the higher echelon of Mega Mandom.
3	B00005NN5A	Road Rage is AWESOME!!! Tons of characters and unlockable characters and lots of levels. Altough it is a simpsons version of Crazy Taxi, it is hilarious. Just listen to what the people you pick up say. You can unlock Mr.Plow, Apu, Willie, Krusty and many others. It also has great graphics. Way better than The Simpsons Skateboarding. And single player is fast paced. You pick up guys, take 'em to there destination and there u have it.
3	B00005NN5A	What a great game! There are plenty of cars to unlock, and you can drive around Springfield. Sure, it's a Crazy Taxi rip-off, but it's BETTER than that game because it has the Simpsons. I love this game and I hope to see an expansion possibly on the PS3.Simply buy it; great for any Simpsons fan!
3	B00005NN5A	The Simpsons Road Rage is a better remake of Crazy Taxi.  You pick up citizens of Springfield: like Homer, Bart, Moe,Marge, Lisa, Barney and many many others.  This game is really fun if you're a hardcore Simpsons fan (and you know I am).Each Character drives a different car: Lisa druves an Eletric Car, Bart drives a soap box derby car, Homer can drive two cars: Family Sadan and the ever-popular Mr. Plow.  This game has the same point as Crazy Taxi: get people to the place they wanna be and don't be slow!
3	B00005NN5A	If you are a gamer who is a snob, who looks first for a games weaknesses before its strengths, or hates the simpsons, then you will prbably not like tbis game...if you are someone who enjoys a game that you literally pick up and play, and lose yourself in a 3d animated worl, then you will love this game.  The controls are so simple, and the scenary so beautiful that I could spend hours just driving around the different locations.  This is a game that you beat more by persistence then skill, but it is so fun, the actual beating of the game is secondary to just playing it.  I definately recommend it to gamers just starting or someone looking to relive stress with mindless fun.The cons are the very long loading times and dialogue which is both repetitive and out of sequence.  For instance, Krusty once picked up Barney who said &quot;uh I promise to try not to throw-up) to which Krusty replied &quot;I once nailed a groupy there.&quot;  Makes no sense but it still is funny.Overall, this is a wonderfully fun game (my girlfriend got me..thanks erica!!) that if you simply play it for what it is, and not what it isn't, you will have a blast!!
3	B00005NN5A	Ok, this is a total [copy] of Crazy Taxi, the only difference is you play as Simpsons characters go through Springfield locations and pick up Simpsons characters. There is a lot more variety in this then Crazy Taxi, but I give the edge to Taxi because of the music and graphics which are both superior to that of these. As a fan of the Simpsons and Crazy Taxi, I reccomend that fans of either or both check this out.
3	B00005NN5A	The game is pretty nice. Although it does have its flaws it is nice. So there's four modes, Road Rage, Sunday Drive, Head to Head (Unlockable) and Mission mode. In road rage you beat the clock to pickup and drive passengers to their destinations. Mainly after the time does go out it goes to some menu screen, and it tells you how you drove, such as my usual types of driving levels are &#34;Reckless&#34; & &#34;Destructive&#34; Then it calculates how much money you received, the main reason it does that is to reach a goal then you get to either unlock a starting location, or the car/driver of your choice. In Sunday drive its about the same concept but no timing or money calculation. Just you go your own pace, and you can drive people or not its your choice. Mission mode is a pain in the butt because you end up screaming at your T.V half the time because the guy drives like 1cm off of what you need to get and then times up. Large pissers, are like in Road rage mode you're right on location but the car won't brake. Even though you pressed square really hard. Sometimes the way people talk to you in the game is hilarious. But thats about it.
3	B00005NN5A	I loved the simpsons so I played this and was broed in 5 mins.The only good thing in this game is the charcters.The graphics aren't great either. The game my look great but don't full in to the same trap I did.
3	B00005NN5A	When you play this game it might be hard at first but if you keep playing it it will be fun and pretty easy.This game is way better then crazy taxi by it having the simpsons charactors being their same old funny selfs and crazy taxi it is so hard to pass a level.So buy Road Rage instead!!!
3	B00005NN5A	This was one of the first games I bought when I got the PS2 about 4 years ago. Now, my son who is 6 and I play this game almost nightly. The main focus of the game is going around picking up Springfield residents and dropping them off at their desired locations around town. This earns you money which allows you to unlock new characters and cars, and new Springfield locations. The gameplay is fast and fun, the controls are easy to use, and the graphics are fantastic. As a huge fan of the TV show, I was delighted to hear comments made by the characters:Chief Wiggum: 'I'd tell you to buckle up, but somebody stole the seatbelts'Ralph: 'The elves tell me to burn things'Homer: ' Don't sit on my Nacho's'The Mission mode of the game is fun too. You have to complete a series of missions, like Otto knocking over a bunch of lightpoles in a given amount of time, to unlock a secret car.But the highlight of the game is the Head to Head mode. In this portion of the game two drivers compete to pick up either 5, 10 or 15 passengers and delivery them to their destination before the other drive. Once a passenger is picked up by one driver, the other driver has to try and ram the would-be taxi in order to steal the passenger away. The head to head mode quickly became my favorite portion of the game once I was able to unlock all of the cars and levels.As an added bonus, there are secrets to the game as well. Try playing on Halloween, or Christmas, and the characters and their cars change looks. Also, you can unlock the 'Nuclear' bus and drive that around too. If you like this game I also recommend The Simpsons Hit & Run game.
3	B00005NN5A	That title was sposed to mock Comic book guy... But onto my review. This is one of the best games ever made.The graphics rocked, the camera rocked, everything rocked, except for the loading. It takes, on average, 40 seconds to load up a regular level. But that wasn't bad enough to give it a 4. I found myself laugh to death at some of the quotes (examples: Marge: That poor man. I hope someone does kill him. ; Burns: Electric cars, soap box racers! This is a transit town! Not the 1967 world's fair!).All in all this is a MUST have for anybody who even remotley likes the simpsons.
3	B00005NN5A	This will definitely not be the deepest game you will ever play. However, if you are a huge Simpsons fan, this game is definitely worth the investment. It is basically a shameful [copy] of Crazy Taxi with Simpsons characters. You drive around town as one of 18 playable characters, pick up passengers, follow the arrow to their destination and drop them off before the time expires to earn money. If the trip timer reaches zero, the passengers becomes impatient and jumps out of the car. If your overall time runs out then the game is over.The best thing about Simpsons Road Rage is that it is true to the show. The environments look exactly like they do on TV. You will see the Simpsons' home, the school, the Kwik-E-Mart, the church and the Retirement Castle just to name a few recognizable locations. The characters' voices also sound authentic as they quote familiar lines from the show. There are 18 playable characters (actually 16 since there are two versions of Homer and two of Moe) including the entire Simpsons family, Ned Flanders, Professor Frink, Otto, Groundskeeper Willie, Snake, Apu, Chief Wiggum and Krusty the Klown. They all have their own vehicles to fit their personalities and/or occupations. There are also several other unplayable characters who appear as passengers, like Milhouse, Ralph Wiggum, Hans Moleman and Principal Skinner. Then there are the six huge environments. You can cruise through the Evergreen Terrace neighborhood, the Entertainment District, Springfield Dam, the Nuclear Power Plant, Downtown or the Springfield Mountains.There are four driving modes to play around with. The meat of the game is in Road Rage mode, which is the taxi mode I explained before. You must play this over and over and over in order to earn money to unlock characters and neighborhoods. Every time you play, your money gets added to a cumulative total. Every time that total reaches a predetermined amount (10,000, 30,000, 50,000, 75,000 and so on), you can choose whether to unlock another character or another neighborhood.The other game modes include Sunday Drive, where you can drive around any of the unlocked neighborhoods and get to know the terrain and find shortcuts. There is also a Mission Mode, which includes ten missions, usually involving knocking over a certain number of street signs, light posts, mascots, etc., that you may or may not want to bother playing through, especially since the game takes a long time to reload itself every time you restart or fail the mission. Finally, there is a two player multiplayer mode where the two players are in a race to pick up each passenger. Once the passenger is picked up, the other player can steal the passenger by bumping into the car with the passenger in it. Whoever ends up dropping off the passenger gets the money and the first person to earn a set amount of money wins the game.Of course there will always be some negatives to every game, and this one is no exception. First, the loading times are almost unbearable. There is no such thing as a quick restart. Second, the game can get repetitive very quickly. It starts to feel like a chore playing game after game after game trying to add more money to your pot so you can unlock the other characters. The change in environment can help some, but some of the neighborhoods have huge learning curves. It could take a lot of exploring before you get used to some of the environments. And when you are trying to add money to your pot, it is hard to waste a game earning only 2,000 in Springfield Dam when you know you could earn around 9,000 a game in Evergreen Terrace. Third, I cannot decide whether the dialogue in the game is annoying or entertaining. Each passenger has a number of lines that they might say when they jump in your car, and your character has a number of lines that they will say as a reply. However, more often than not, the two lines do not match up at all and it sounds like a pretty random conversation.Negatives aside, this is a pretty simple game that you can always go back to when you have nothing better to do. It is not likely to keep you occupied for hours at a time, but for any Simpsons fan, this is a pretty entertaining game.
3	B00005NN5A	I am a big Simpson's fan, even though I don't get FOX, and for what it's worth, The Simpson's Road Rage delivers all of the zany characters and Springfield landmarks into one big time-challenging wise-cracking speed and money making extravaganza that beats Crazy Taxi any day!One of the greatest things of this game is that you don't have to enjoy the Simpsons to have a heck of a good time with this title, because the funny lines and fast-paced action of it all will leave you hypnotized. But for you Simpson Fanatics out there, this is one title you have to get.First off, the whole point of the game is to buy back Springfield's transit system from Mr. Burns, as his nuclear powered buses are, "a threat to the public health." You do this by picking up passengers and getting them to there destinations as fast as possibe-the faster you are, the more time and money you make.Over 30 halarious characters from the show appear, including rare ones, such as the baseball mascot and moleman, plus you get to drive as 18 of them. Each one has their own cool automoble, truck, soap box racer or flying car and when on the road say thier own endless amount of unique things to thier costumers.The Simpson characters that you pick up also make insults about your driving, and make you laugh when they jump out of your car if not dropped off fast enough!There are plenty of modes including Sunday Drive where you get a feel for Springfield with no time limit, Missions Mode, where you piliot specific characters to fufill their own goals and get you a secret unlockable, and Head-to-Head where you and a friend compete to deliver one person to a destination.And as you trudge twoards your goal of making One Million Dollars, other unlockables include 6 worlds, (Nuclear Power Plant, Entertainment District etc..) with very familiar things from the episodes like Krusty Burgers and Mr. Burns Mansion, with everything completley destructabe like bilboards and trees, with many shortcuts and jumps. Also you can unlock other characters to drive as. What is really cool is that you decide which unlockable you want to get, and you can drive over everything in sight!The game engine has also been created to make everything look like a Simpson episode, from it's thickly outlined buildings to it's scenery and characters. They also had the real Simpson voice cast come in and have the actual character's voices included in the game!To wrap things up nice and easily, The Simpson's Road Rage is challenging and halarious, with several modes, great characters and the desire to make a whole lot of money!This is a must-have for any gamer, no matter how familiar the Simpsons seem to you!Don't have a cow man, and just get this title!
3	B00005NN5A	This is a super game. I hate the Simpsons but I just LOVE this game. I want a PS2 just becuase of this game. I found out today that the Simpsons' Road Rage is going to be available on Game Boy Advance this summer and I plan on buying it. This game is so funny and so much fun. My sister has this game. I first played it at her house. I never dreamed that I would be as crazy about it as I am. If you have not played this game yet I suggest playing it right now. So what are you wanting on? Go give it a try, you will not be sorry.
3	B00005NN5A	This game is ok. It gets to hard. It starts off easy because you need 2500 coins to get each car or level but after a while you need 10000 coins to get something. If you have Simpsons Hit and run you shouldnt get road rage because Hit and run is 10 times better.
3	B00005NN5A	The Simpsons: Road Rage is by far the best racing game on Playstation 2. Play as over 17 different characters including the Simpson family, Krusty, Moe, Apu, Barney, Professor Frink, Officier Wiggam, etc. Choose one of 6 courses including the Nuclear Power Plant and the Springfield Dam. Pick up over 30 characters and take them to one of 75 different locations. Non-stop fun.The object of this game is to collect enough money to buy back the transit system from evil Mr. Burns who intoxicated the passengers with nuclear waste. Money will allow you to unlock another driver or course, your choice. Plus with 10 different missions like running over baseball mascots or smashing mailboxes just keeps adding to the fun. You can also play with a friend to see who can get 5, 10, or 15 grand first.Extra features include safe rides which earns you bonus money and road rages where you can crash into the interactive scenary for even more money. This game has nothing to lose!
3	B00005NN5A	Now that the price is lowered on this classic title, all Simpsons fans should add this to their collection. Sure, it has interminable load times and the "draw in" is annoying, but nothing beats coming home from a busy day at work and just sitting back and driving Homer, Krusty and Prof. Frink around Springfield. There are the amusing missions and the Sunday Drive mode to learn each level, but then, you can get comfy and shut off the logical part of your brain and just have fun dropping of the citizens of Springfield for cash. You will find yourself naturally driving the streets as if you were watching the cartoon. Everything gets to seem so familiar,it's the next best thing to being in Springfield.So pack your bags, pop in the game, and overlook all of the annoying shortcomings and you'll find one heckuva fun game.
3	B00005NN5A	(...) This game is really fun.  It's a lot like Crazy Taxi, in that you drive around town, picking up fares (all recognizable citizens of Springfield), and taking them to their destinations.  The faster you get there, the more $ you make.It's easy to play, and there are a ton of short-cuts to explore, making the replay value high.  There's also a two-player mode where you try to make more money than your opponent.  There are also enough inside jokes to keep fans of the show laughing. The negatives are few compared to the positives: LONG load times, a short, boring mission mode, and a few glitches where you can get stuck in the scenery. (...)
3	B00005NN5A	Du-oh, how could EA make a Simpsons:Road Rage be only $20? That's obserd...this game is worth the full $50.Simpsons: Road Rage is a lot of fun to play, it's a lot like crazy taxi, with an added Simpsons' zing. You can play as just about every simpsons character, go just about anywhere in Springfield.Overview:Fun- 8/10 A Lot of fun to play, stinks that there is only a couple levels.Gameplay- 9/10 pretty simple, drive, stop, drop-off.Graphics- 8/10 simple, what is there to make graphic?Difficulty-5/10 way too easy.Overall- 30/40This game is a lot of ufn, but it's not great. There is loads of room for improvement, but overall this is a fun game to play.
3	B00005NN5A	Dont believe for one second what the critics say about this game, because this game is great.  Sure, it borrows heavily from crazy taxi.  But with this game you get 6 cities, all just about as big as the 1 city in crazy taxi.  You have about 20 characters that you unlock as you make money, and there is an actual plot.  There are so many voice overs in this game, a voice for each person driving and the customer.  The play control on it kind of [stinks], but the rest makes up for it.  Sometimes the controls can get a little unresponsive too.  But there are 10 minigames, which are all pretty easy to complete.  But ive played this game more than i think any other game i own for the PS2... its very easy to catch on and hard to put it down.  MOST DEFINATELY GET THIS GAME.
3	B00005NN5A	Ths Simpsons, finally on PS2! This game rocks! A whole slew of characters, a great story line, real character voices, and tons more. This game is exactly like Crazy Taxi except Ten Times Better! The only reason it got 4 stars is because of the slow loading times. Other than that it is AWESOME!
3	B00005NN5A	I don't know why magazine reviews are so hard on this game. So what if it is a rip off of Crazy Taxi? Crazy Taxi would be a better game if the Simpsons were in it. I love the graphics in this game. The colors are vibrant and pleasing to the eye. I wish the Simpsons characters were more 2D though. I can't get used to them in 3D. Their voices are clear and funny. The control is solid. You wont be crashing into things everytime you make a turn. The best thing about this game is just exploring Springfield. After watching the show all these years it's a joy to interact with it.
3	B00005NN5A	OK, this game is really fun. You get to drop your Simpsons people off and then get paid. When you reach, a certain limit (300,000), you get another level or person/car. For more info, go to Crazy Taxi, its the same thing. The only bad thing, bad graphics. Its toatally not realistic at all you crash through trees, run people over and they tumble down the road like a newspaper and then get back up and start walking. But its fun, and its MAD CHEaP so buy it.
3	B00005NN5A	this is a fun game but its the same thing as crazy taxi just with simpsons characters! I do reccomend this to any simpson fan but someone who just wants to play a game, go with crazy taxi.
3	B00005NN5A	If you love the show The Simpson's then you'll love this game.  It is road rage at it's finest!  You drive through Springfield, picking up passengers, trying to avoid traffic and at times you are required to go all out and have the &quot;road rage.&quot;  You rack up dollars to open up new levels of the town and new drivers.  It's fun and entertaining!  The graphics are wonderful and the characters look and sound like the television show.
3	B00005NN5A	This is what crazy Taxi should've been. Classic Simpsons humor, great animation and cute storyline. It will have you hooked for hours! Even though the scenery gets a little tired after a while, you keep getting new cars and new experiences. Great game!
3	B00005NN5A	This game followed close the TV show. You basically have to do Taxi missions with the Simpsons cast. It has most of the original cast and some funny parts. I really got a good idea what Springfield looked like from the game. The rewards were a little outrageous to get, but other than that it was great. What would have made it better was if you was able to get out of the cars. Of course that will be in Hit and Run.
3	B00005NN5A	i bought this game for my boyfriend and he plays it. he has a lot of fun when he is playing it.
3	B00005NN5A	This game is fun.This game is long.
3	B00005NN5A	The 1st time I played this game I laughed [a lot]! The characters say the funniest things. And the longer you play, and the more money you make, you can buy new characters and locations. You can also run into things and run over people (unlike crazy taxi). They also have missions, and a 2 player (head to head) game. I seriously recommend this game. This kicks Crazy Taxi's a$$!
3	B00005NN5A	A crazy taxi clone with the Simpsons.  Good?  Almost.  The Simpsons Road Rage needs more stuff to make it interesting.  Bigger Levels, more characters etc.  I found more fun running over Ned Flanders that anything else.  An okay game.
3	B00005NN5D	This game is really intriguing. It has the feel of a mario world but expands beyond that to include difficult puzzle solving. You have to herd various creatures into their pens. Simple, but far from easy. the land scape is varied and requires some thinking just to get from point a to point b. the animals themselves all have different attributes, which you must learn in order to herd them. some will eat others, some can fly, some can swim, etc.the major draw back is the camera angles are terrible ... sometimes you will have no idea of where you are, and what is chasing you.the graphics are not stellar -- truly a first generation game. they are pretty humorous, however. lots of little details. the landscape is especially nice to look atall in all, it is clever, hard, fun. i would recommend it.
3	B00005NN5D	First tried this game a long time ago, loved it but it was scratched and could no longer play, now that i have it again i can play the game again and its still is fun however it has many bugs
3	B00005NN5D	Combining elements of Pikmin with traditional platformers plus an awesome cartoon look Herdy Gerdy is for the hardcore elite gamer.  The style and feel of this game brings you back some of your favorite animated movies and giving you control the whole time. With absolutely amazing levels, sprawling with lush detail flooded with characters.  The characters are well animated and each with their own unique personalities.  The gameplay deep and immersive constantly challenging and only hindered a few times by the camera getting caught up here and there.  A definite plus is the there is a bit of length to this platformer, about 20+ hours, rarely seen in games of this caliber.  The one draw back is there is soooo much detail that the game has some pretty mean load times, but once you get in to the game you'll begin not to notice. This game is at least worth a rental, but whether you buy or rent give the some time its a little slow going at first but well worth your efforts in the end.
3	B00005NN5G	tony hawk 3 is very cool,the graphics are great,the gameplay is better than the first 2 hawks. The levels are biggers and more challenging.(here's a code enter the options menu and enter cheats then enter backdoor in upper or lower case to get almost all the codes).You can play the game in the network but I haven't tested it yet.If you are a skateboarder you should buy this game,but even if you are not a skateboarder you should still buy this game.
3	B00005NN5G	I didn't play THPS2 much at all but this version is great.  I really like SSX and this is as close as you can get.  I think I still like SSX a bit better but nothing comes close to the trick system in this game.  It'll take some time to master.  My only regret is there is no way to turn of the blood when you hit the pavement which I think is a mistake.  It really bothers my younger kids and it seems like it would have been a small thing to have added a way to disable this in the game.
3	B00005NN5G	With every sequel, THPS gets more intense and more engrossing, it looks better, and it plays better. I don't yet have a PS2, but this is the game that's going to change that.Unfortunately, it's very easy to sit down with Tony Hawk 3 and accidentally let 4 or 5 hours go by in what seems like a half an hour. The goals are much more imaginative than in its 2 predecessors, and they beg to be completed. You'll find yourself playing a level over and over again trying to figure out how to bury a snowball-hurling bully, how to knock a foundry foreman into a giant bucket of water, or how to help a &quot;thin man&quot; break into a haunted mansion.The game is a little more difficult to play than the first or second, but you'll soon appreciate that fact. You'll also appreciate the changes and improvements in the tricks, the much larger levels, the new multiplayer modes, and the much-improved create-a-skater feature.If you have a PS2, buy this game. Otherwise, buy a PS2 AND this game. It's just that good.
3	B00005NN5G	i had a blast playing this game, one of my favorites as a kid, great buy for only like $3
3	B00005NN5G	I was really excited when I heard Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3 was coming out, and so I eagerly pre-ordered a copy of the game. When I played it, I noticed that it wasn't a great game. It was good, but they should have made it a lot better. The graphics had huge glitches and it really annoyed me, and although you could play it across the internet, it hasn't had much of improvement. It has had a bit, but not much. If I were you, I would definitely buy it if you don't have any of the previous two versions and if you have one or both of them, I still probably would but if you're not sure wheather to buy this or something else, I would MAYBE think about buying something else, but it is a great game, and if you have the chance to, I would buy it.
3	B00005NN5G	I like Tony Hawk 3 a lot better than 2, the graphics are improved and you can now skate online via the PS2 modem, the controls are easy to master and you can create a skater and a park, the only problems are that the game is very unrealistic, and too shor.
3	B00005NN5G	Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is one of the best skateboarding games ever made.Its just totally amazing and addictive...Plus its always hella fun.The controls are perfect and its easy to pick up and play.The graphics are also nice.I think the soundtrack is pretty good,it has some artists like CKY,Alien Ant Farm,Redman,Del The Funky Homosapien,Motorhead,House of Pain and more.Theres also some incredible new tricks that were not in the previous Tony Hawk's Pro Skater games.To top it off,theres really great multiplayer modes and online play to boot.At its great price,theres no reason why you shouldent own this fantastic skateboarding game.
3	B00005NN5G	This game was made over 1 year ago. It has average graphics (nothing to show off here). However the gameplay more than makes up for the visual dissapoinment. You can create your own skatepark, and play throughout the many pre-made levels. If you beat certain levels you can select new skateboards. Overall this is a great game....
3	B00005NN5G	I had this game in the PC like 4 years ago, it had so many bugs that i was tired of restarting in a competition when the skater got stuck in a halfpipe (a very common and continuos bug) then i gave it as a gift to one of my students. But when i bought the PS2 2 years ago i bought also thps4, then thug and finally thug2, each of them a piece of art on its own. But i had that splinter in my mind from this THPS3, the game that in most of the gamesites and in most reviews of various magazines had 10 of 10 of score, but the game costed like 80 bucks because it was a collectors item, thanks God, finally the people of activision re-launched the game again in greatest hits (again, so this has to be like greatest hits of greatest hits of greatest hits) and i couldn't miss it, i bought it inmediately. Well, what can i say, the game is just PERFECT, as the score of so many magazines 10 of 10, the graphics shine and are state of the art, the music is perfect, the play control is awesome and the best of all THERE WAS NO BUGS!!, at least not during my watch, i can say that i don't know what is happening with the pc versions, but sometimes it has to do with the video card, other times with the sound cards, other times with some hardware i don't know. Well, to conclude, i can say that i am a Tony Hawk die hard fan, and this game is just perfect, it filled every spectation that i had. This game just does it, i love it, and i can recommend it to anyone who likes Tony Hawk games, if you haven't a TH title before i recommend you to start doing it, they're incredible games and a true gamers' must have.
3	B00005NN5G	There is no question that the Tony Hawk series is quality gaming. I have owned all the iterations on the Playstation/PS2. My concern is this: aren't these games all exactly alike? The biggest advance to the actual game (aside from the move to the PS2) was the level editor added to THPS2. Otherwise the gameplay and features haven't changed since the first game. None of these facts keeps reviewers from granting perfect scores to every successive release. Don't get me wrong-I love these games, and I play them and they deserve to be popular. But are they perfect? No. Are they the best games ever made? Most assuredly not. Just what are these game reviewers comparing THPS to? Other skateboard games? Games from every genre? Games on the same system? I guess my point is that, just like Final Fantasy and Resident Evil (and, as we will see, Metal Gear) games, THPS games get an unfair advantage because of the brand name, not the merit soley based on gameplay.Now that you've read my tirade, go out and buy THPS3. It's great.
3	B00005NN5G	Man I bought this gameback when it was 50$ but even then it was worth it dozens of skaters to beat the game with not to mention you can change what the look like and you can even create your own skaters the goals are fun and not that hard except a few you can unlock some cool charecters such as Darth Maul, Woverine, and some from the first such as Officer Dick and you can also unlock levels from the first such as the Warehouse and Burnside overall the graphics are good the soudtrack with keep you tricking off for hours this is huge game and will take you awhile to complete with dozens of unlockables ... you can't go wrong
3	B00005NN5G	My cousin bought this video game, and I'm impressed, you can even make your own skate parks. I give this video game a (5 out of 5).
3	B00005NN5G	If many of you have read my Tony Hawk 2 review, you probably already know by now that I hate skateboarding because of its uncontrollable hype. What I also said in that review, is that I like the THPS series a lot. Well, enough with the past ! That was months ago ! This is now ! Months ago, I've overheard from gamers that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is about to come out, and the more I heard, the more I got excited. When I finally got a chance to see the first screens on several magazines, I was thinking about how well it would play when it releases. Finally, in the month of November, it finally saw the light of day on the PlayStation 2 game console. I got the chance to play it, and boy, I wasn't disappointed. Everything that I've come to expect in a Tony Hawk game, is all here. Good graphics, beautifully done soundtrack, improved skating physics, one good additional character (Bam Magera from the Jackass series) and perfect gameplay balance. The graphics are the best I've seen in years. This is the kind of eye candy you just can't throw away. Perfectly polished enviroments, nicely modeled characters, and streaming blood are something cool to look at. The controls are identical to that of the previous THPS games, but with new moves and a high extension of combos to pull out. Plus new codes are there for your skating pleasure. Not to mention, cool characters. Darth Maul is one of them (remember that freaky black and red dude from Star Wars Episode 1 ?). If you highlight Darth Maul, the skateshop owner will be choking by his force grab. The physics truly make sense. It shows that the skater can't always bail by hitting the ground with your back or the rest of your body. You can bail by landing on your feet. And if you're tired of seeing blood just fly and disappear from your mouth, you get to see blood streaks on the street each time you fall and drag your face on the concrete. OUCH !!! If you skaters or skater haters out there want a skateboarding game that makes more sense than its last two prequels, get Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. This is no doubt, the best skateboarding game for the PS2. The new Gamecube owners should not feel discouraged, because pretty soon, Tony Hawk 3, will be coming to the Gamecube at the launch day of the system. To the gamers who already have the game, enjoy yourself and skate on !
3	B00005NN5G	Ok, first off, the graphics are off the hook!  And you will never get tired of this game. And also, the game is Not Realistic In Any Way, which I love!!  There are alot of fun and funny stuff to do in the missions, like when youi get the earthquake to happen in L.A. get on the freeway grind the right side till you grind over this green car, the car falls over ontop of this white van that is being chased by the cops. And there's many other funny things that happen in each level of Career Mode.The music can get pretty annoying after you've played this game for awhile.  You start to memorize all the words and stuff.The two player mode is tight.  You can play against each other for 1,2,5,or 10 minutes and see who gets the most points, or do most tricks on different objects.  And one cool part is create your own park, I already spent alot of time in creating one with alot to do, and is actually really good!All in all, this game is a must have. The replay value is really good. BUY THIS GAME NOW!! Dont see whose review is below me, you've probably read alot of reviews so far, GO Get in the car and buy this game, if not buy it rent it.Then Buy It! LOL
3	B00005NN5G	Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 &amp; 2 on PSone were some of the best sk8boarding games ever made.Too bad the PSone version of this game didnt hold up too well.The PS2 version,on the other hand(the one your reading about right now)is a total masterpiece.You complete level level goals to unlock more levels.The goals are fun to complete and are very creativly though out.The gameplay is great,plus it has tons of cool unlockable things like new charectors and more.It has a great create a skater and create a skate park.This game is very fun,too and the replay value is high.This is a must have.There is no other game like it.
3	B00005NN5G	this is a great skate boarding game and it will last u a long time because if you finish one player there is loads of games to play in 2 player!
3	B00005NN5G	I seriously thought this game was only going to be for kids that skate (sorry I hung up my skateboard almost 10 years ago) and that it wasn't going to be challenging... this is starting to be a growing trend with me because I was wrong. This was an Excellent game and it truly deserves some recognition throughout all of the other great games that are on the PS2.The graphics are excellent, very tight, clean and very detailed. The gameplay is great and it's never really the same game twice and the soundtrack is just great. Perfect skater music and it actually flows with the game (unlike how Pharaoh Monk did a song for John Madden 2002).Seriosly, get this game. I was turned from a skeptic to a fan overnight. I'm definately waiting for the next installment of this series.
3	B00005NN5G	I have had this game for over a year now, and I think this (along with Vice City) is the top of the heap for PS2 games. Okay, THPS4 (which I also own) is very good too, and has touched up on some things, but for some reason, Tony Hawk 3 will always be my favorite. (Maybe just for the Los Angeles level...)Everyone has at least heard of this series. And most people own it. The main purpose of the game is to start off small (whether you use one of the 14 pros available, or if you're like me and you have to create your very own skater), and to complete several objectives and open up different levels in order to become a full-fledged pro. You also have to hunt down stat points and extra boards. (Well, you don't HAVE to, but it's recommended.) You can do just about every trick imaginable: spins, reverts, manuals, grinds, etc. If you're using a created skater, than by the end of the game, you can add 10 different special tricks (out of a very large selection). I have spent many an hour playing this game over the past year, and I never get sick of it.The most fun thing I can think of for this game is creating your very own skater. Creating yourself, your neighbor, friend, co-worker, even your enemy (so you can beat up on them in 2-Player)... it never gets tiresome. With many logos for T-Shirts and many boards (all of which are real brands!), making your own shirt is lots of fun. Blue Zero shirt? Go right ahead. Black Neversoft? Yup. Maroon Nokia? You have at it.The levels are large and interactive, too. My personal favorite is Los Angeles. I went to LA about one year ago and I must say, it looks just like it. (Right down to the Walk of Fame.)Overall, even if this were still [the original price], I would still recommend it. But since it's [cheaper], because of the Greatest Hit title, well, what are you waiting for?
3	B00005NN5G	I really do love these games, Neversoft always outdoes themselves, and this one is no exception.The gameplay itself hasn't changed much, however the game feels different. Its slicker, smoother, and faster than before. Definetly showing off the PS2 power in the other areas besides graphics.  The new revert trick is fun, if not feeling a bit out of the way to do, however it does pay off.The graphics are very smooth, slick, if not a bit bland at times (Canda's vert area, Skater Island). It is still easy on the eyes nonetheless.The downers are that the music isint for everyone. I am grateful for the Rammones being on there, but still some of the other rock/rap music just gets annoying. And some of the levels are smaller than the massive School or Venice Beach from THPS2, however they do grow on you. The create a park is also a bit harder to use than before.It is still a fabulous game with endless replayability. If your new to the games, Id start with this one, then go to my personal favorite, THPS2.
3	B00005NN5G	I bought it to go with my complete set of Tony Hawk video games for the PS2. It went well with my set.
3	B00005NN5G	I first picked up this game more than a year ago when I bought my Playstation 2.  I had previously played Tony Hawk 2 (but not the first one) and absolutely loved it.  Tony Hawk 3 was somewhat easier since I had already developed a lot of my skills on the previous game.  Even though playing the game was easier than my first time playing the series, the developers had upped the challenge by making goals with higher point requirements and goals that are more difficult to complete.  The addition of the Revert trick allowed for higher scores since we could now link vert tricks to grinds and back to vert.One problem: While I had a blast playing through the game, after I completely mastered the game with one character, mastering the game with every character was far too easy.  The game was still fun to play, but there was no challenge.  When I finally mastered the game with every character (including the bonus characters) there was no reason to keep playing the game and when I went back to play some more, I found that the game had no replay value beyond mastering every character.  I was just going through the motions and not really enjoying it any more.My final thought is that Tony Hawk 3 is an excellent game and a lot of fun.  However, when you reach the point where there is nothing left to do except create your own character, the funs pretty quickly.  But, for [money] the game is worth it (it was also worth it when I bought the game full price)
3	B00005NN5G	Tony Hawks Pro Skater 3 is not fun after you have played Tony Hawks Pro Skater 4, Tony Hawks Underground or Tony Hawks Underground 2 because in the new ones your not timed untill you pick a goal. In Tony Hawks Pro Skater 3 you timed from the begining and you have to do something in about 3 minutes. Unless you love Tony Hawk games dont buy this. Save your money.
3	B00005NN5G	this game was a huge improvement playability wise compared to 1 and 2. everything feels much faster and more fluid. great levels and a lot of fun tasks.
3	B00005NN5G	How can you not love this game?  The hidden characters alone make it worth it, much less how great of a game this is by itself.  Overall, this game has kept my attention for longer then anything I've played before (including all the FF's)
3	B00005NN5G	This is an awesome game.  I would recomend it to anyone, anyone, (so buy it already.)  Hope you love this game as much as I did.
3	B00005NN5G	The most recent addition to the Tony Hawk series adds a fair number of changes, the most visible being the addition of the revert and the ability to play online.There's not much to say about the revert that hasn't already been said. It's cool, and does make your combos that much more absurd. From an aesthetic standpoint, its addition is nice because lip tricks are a lot more feasible for inclusion into combos.The online play seems to make of break this game for many reviewers. I've seen very few negative reviews which really address the online play, so take that for what you will. It's dirt simple to set up; the Linksys adapter works like a charm and the network settings configuration is both easy and surprisingly powerful. The actual gameplay is impressive, as it's very playable over a 56k modem. There are a few minor problems that make you wish for software updates, though. The limit of 4 players is slightly annoying, though more would only make sense on the large levels. More irritating is the fact that the person running the server has to manually start each game, making dedicated game servers unfeasible. Other problems come up, such as the fact that you can't use created parks online, you can't turn off dumping upon collision with other players, and stock levels that were poorly designed for multiplayer. However, all of that is outweighed by the fact that it's just a lot of fun to play online.Now that the two biggies are out of the way, there's still a lot of minor tweaks to the gameplay. The first thing most people will notice is that the balance system is a bit more difficult. It takes some getting used to, but skilled players will have no trouble with it after an hour or two. Flatland tricks are a cool addition, though they get awfully annoying online. ollie-less transitions between tricks for grinding and lip tricks are a nice touch, allowing for some cool sequences, going from 50-50 grind, to nose grind, to nosebluntslide to noseslide to crooked grind, and so on.The levels are actually generally better than those from THPS2. None of the levels are as bad as the School II or New York from THPS2 (which, while fun, had very little flow), and the Skater Island and Cruise Ship levels are really great. The Airport is a complete throwback to the Mall in THPS1, which inspired much nostalgia (plus, Airport is a better level). Foundry is a fairly good first level, though I prefer the simplicity of the Hangar from 2. From THPS1, Warehouse, Roswell, and Burnside are all unlockable in THPS3. I never particularly liked Burnside (in fact, I really disliked it), and I don't understand why they didn't add the first School or San Francisco, but Warehouse and Roswell are welcome additions. With so much space available on the disc, I really wish they would just release a game with all of the levels on it (I don't count THPS 2x for Xbox). I'd love to play Minneapolis or Chicago from THPS1 or Venice Beach from THPS2 with this engine.In short, while there's a lot of good things about THPS3, it's clear they don't have all the kinks worked out. If you don't mind shelling out an extra 40$ for a USB Ethernet adapter (and plan on another 20$ for a USB keyboard), you really should check out the online play, because it's a lot of fun. If you're a fan of the series, you might appreciate the engine tweaks, but they're really not that huge.
3	B00005NN5G	Fans of Tony Hawk 1 &amp; 2 will most certainly become severly addicted to this new addition to the series. The Tony Hawk series has become better than ever with outstanding levels, new tricks, some new characters and the same stuff from 1 &amp; 2 that made it great. The gameplay is the same and as fun as ever. The graphics are awesome and the fact that the levels are &quot;living&quot; was an interesting touch on the game. The only downside to the entire game would probably be the soundtrack. The soundtrack for 1 &amp; 2 were awesome but the soundtrack on this one is not nearly as good. But a great game regardless. Buy it!
3	B00005NN5G	This game is a logical extension of the Tony Hawk franchise, and it amazinly finds a way to be superior to its younger brother, Tony Hawk 2. The games graphics are above average, and the framerate is very consistent. The control scheme is very useful for performing hundreds of different tricks. The player roster is impressive, and the amount of unlockable characters in this game serve to highlight this fact. The sound is great as well, Blitzkrieg Pop is one of the highlights of the sound track. The game also contains an unfathomable amount of extras to unlock, and that carries the replay value a long ways. Of course, the excellent multiplayer mode is what gives the game the most replay value of all, especially considering the fact that there is a create-a-park mode for the more creative gamer.However, this game becomes very easy much too quickly, and beating the game with other characters becomes a chore rather than a mission. Also, it is unfortunate that Activision decided to leave out a gap checklist.Despite these shortcomings, Tony Hawk 3 is a valuable addition to any gamer's library.
3	B00005NN5G	Why are there so many reviews for a product that isn't on the market. And why are they all along the lines of &quot;this is the best game. I love Tony Hawk. I'm a freakin idiot&quot;. Now I do believe that this is a good game, it sticks to the THPS formula while adding the PS2's power and new elements in the the revert. The online mode might be good, and from what I have seen it WILL be as good as those morons tell you. I know that one reviewer thought it was too similar to the other two. They might of been right who knows.Just don't review products you haven't played.
3	B00005NN5G	This is not a difficult game to get into.  The controls are unbeiliebaly simple to learn, but still take some time to master.  Once you do however, skating around the game's huge levels will feel like second nature.The graphics are good.  Nothing ground-breaking, but certainly up to Playstation 2 standards.  The soundtrack is awesome as well.
3	B00005NN5G	I hate skaetboarding.  But I love the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series.  That's the beauty of these games.  You don't need to be a fan of the sport to get hooked on them.  And I can almost guarantee that you WILL get hooked on them.The best part of the this series has always been the simple control.  It will take you minutes to learn, but you'll spend forever mastering it.  Once you have the buttons properly laid out in your mind, scoring huge combos will begin to become second-nature.The single-player game is awesome, about as good as Tony Hawk 2, but with the Revert move you can link vert tricks as well as grinds.  There are some more flatland tricks as well.  The objectives are imaginative and funny, the graphics are impressive, but far from the best you'll see on the system, and the soundtrack is outstanding.Play with a friend and the two of you will have a very hard time stopping.  The two-player mode is flawless, (except for very brief, very rare slowdown).  All of the two-player modes return from previous Hawk titles, including trick attack, HORSE, and my favorite, graffiti.The game has almost infinite replay value, as you can create your own skater to use in all of the game's modes, and, better still, create your own skatepark and save it to your memory card to play in on any future occasion.Pure gaming brilliance.
3	B00005NN5G	Pretty much everything is great on this game. The only thing wrong is the fact that there is a time limit and free-skating isn't that much fun. But when you do the goals and the way the characters are is awesome. The best part of the game in my opinion is the music. This game is the whole reason why I'm a huge fan of AFI and NOFX.
3	B00005NN5G	Tony Hawk's series have done surprisingly well on the Playstation game console.  Its actually not that big of a surprise.  The big surprise was how big an audience it attracted.  People who would never even think about skating love this game, me myself, am a skater which means I love this game even more than the average gamer.  The thing I fear is it may not sell as much because not too many people own a PS2 (at least in my community).  But those of you who do own one, do not miss this game!We'll start with graphics, top notch for the PS2.  Its amazing how many games failed on this part but THPS3 passes with flying colors.  The movements of the skaters are improved, blood will smear on the ground and stay there for pretty much the rest of your run.  There are a lot of new fall animations which look excelent as well.Sound is also great.  Spectators will yell at you things like &quot;Tear it up!&quot; &quot;Lets see you bust something out!&quot; and stuff like that.  They'll also yell at you when you hit them and if you make them mad enough, they'll knock you right off your board.  The music is awesome as well.  A lot more variety than the last two games and a lot more songs.  You also have the option to turn of certain songs if you don't want to hear them.  Which is a good move for people who don't like the Jackass song.Now, the gameplay, the greatest thing in the game.  I don't now were to start, its just too great.  Levels are excellent and a lot bigger.  There are lots of real world places and fantasy areas as well.  The spectators are a cool addition to the game.  If you preform a trick in front of them that they like you'll get extra points.  Career Mode has improved a ton since the second game.  One bad thing about the second one was that it was amazingly hard.  THPS3 is toned down a bit.  Each level has 9 goals for you to complete and goals will vary between which skater you use.  For instance if you are using Bam Margera or a street skater, you may have to grind something.  If you are someone like Tony Hawk, a vert skater, you'll probably have to clear a gap or something.  This makes for lots of replaying of the game.  Unfortunatly, there aren't really new skaters this time.  Bam Margera is now in Bob Burnquist's place, who is not in this game, he will be missed.  Now I will get to the tricks.  There are new tricks for each skater.  New grinds, new grabs, new flip tricks, and new special moves.  The special moves are great and very creative.  Bam Margera has one called the Jackass where he bounces the board of his head.  Chad Muska has one were he 50-50s and pulles out a boom box and jams.  There are also the addition of flatground tricks, which Rodney Mullen is most well-known for.  You can preform tricks like truckstands, caspers, and primos, very fun.great graphics + awesome sound + very fun gameplay = the best video game I have ever played.  PS2 owners should pick it up as soon as they can.  If you don't have a PS2, get one, buy this game, I promise you won't want another game until THPS4!!!!!!!
3	B00005NN5G	Whether it's spending hours alone mastering flip-trick manual combinations or playing head-to-head with your friends, the slick, addictive gameplay and masterful execution of this game is bar-none.  The one player mode offers a depth that goes far beyond the Tony Hawk games before it, with more airials, kickflips, and the much-needed manual.  However, the real depth of this game comes with the multiplayer mode.  Whether its battling on the 'net (one of the few PS2 games supporting this feature) or just bumming around with friends, this game is sure to garner heated debates as to how one of your friends managed to pull of a 700,000+ combination (yes, I've done 'em, though I've yet to get past a million!!!!)  This game is a must have for all PS2 owners.  The control is top-notch, the attitude is Tony Hawk all the way, and the replayablity is unrivaled.  A must pick-up.
3	B00005NN5G	If you dont have this game, buy it. Its $13 dollars, and plus, like, ok, you get to play in alot of levels like a cruise ship. Many places to grind and stuff, and plus, there is a level where you can play on the "street" called Los Angelas. I had this game for like 3 years and its good. its DEFINATLEY worth $13.
3	B00005NN5G	This review is kind of the Gamecube version, but I played the Playstation2 version, which is the best out of all 4 consoles (PS2, GC, Xbox, PC). This one has excellent graphics, the all new revert trick to add continutation to vert tricks. And the uniqueness of the Playstation2 one out of Gamecube and Xbox's version is that this one has online play. The main consumer will not be able to go online with this until August 2002. Since the release of it, the online was working. You need to buy a ethernet hub that connected to your DSL/Cable modem that will go into the Playstation2 USB ports. The online play is really fun. You can play Trick Attack mode against the hottest skaters in the United States, and represent where you at! (Yeah New York!) You can also play up to 2-8 players online at anytime. Configuration is very easy too. The offline mode is rather easy to veteran Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 players. They subtraction of the money collection makes it much more simpler than the PSone versions. The collection of SKATE is present as ever. You can still collect new decks, but you can't earn them, you have to find them. Since the game is so high-tech, you have to interact with peole who are in the area, just like in Dave Mirra's Pro BMX 2 for PS2. There are 8 levels in the game. When you complete the final level, you get a hidden level called "Cruise Ship". If you beat the game, you get cheats. Every time you complete the game, you get more goodies. You can also unlock 3 classic Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 levels which have been revamped for the console. "Warehouse", "Burnside", and "Roswell" are present in the game. There is a revamped Create-A-Character, which let you be more involved with your character. There is a Create-Your-Own-Skatepark feature just like THPS2. It isn't really updated, so I don't really use it. Our favorite, the DVD skate movies are present in the option menu. You can collect even more and better videos than THPS2. There is a personal, 2 minute video for every pro skater featured, showing them doing tricks, and telling about their lives. There is my personal favorite, 4 all new, never before seen bail videos. They have videos of Kelly Slater, for Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer, Neversoft skate-boarders and others. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is must have extreme sports game until Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 is being released...
3	B00005NN5G	What a game. This is what a game is all about. I know there are some people out their that are very disappointed in how this turned out, but I have a theory on that, they played THPS2 so much that when THPS3 came out it played the same for them.Well I have THPS and THPS2, and after a while I moved on to other games, sure I picked them up every now and then, but after completing them 90+ percent...well it got a little old.Not in this game. The graphics are by far some of the best that the PS2 has to offer. The create a skater is a lot of fun, and takes up very little of memory space to save them.The game play is very tight. Sometimes to tight! Sure the career mode is the same, you know collect S-K-A-T-E get a certain score, but they added fun things to do like &quot;stop the pick pocketers&quot;, &quot;bury the dude throwing snowballs&quot;, &quot;unstick Chuck from the flagpole&quot;, &quot;squash the pumkins&quot;, get the &quot;satelitte working&quot; to name a few. This is just the top of the barrell folks. The two player mode is great. Plus it has the option of online play.The only downfall is the music. While it is appropriate of the game and genre, well some of the songs are just annoying....not all just some. So I give it a 4.5 but I decided to just round it up to five stars. This was fifty bucks well worth spent.
3	B00005NN5G	ummm I like to make skateparksummm I like to create skatersummm THIS GAME RRRRROOOOOOCCCKKKKKSSSummm Dude!!
3	B00005NN5G	Pro Skater 3 will provide you with hours of fun.There are all kinds of awesome tricks to pull off,cool hidden characters,some great levels,nice game modes,cheats,bad ass music soundtrack and more.You can also edit skaters.Such as changing their clothes,boards and other things...plus you can even create your own skater.Overall,if your looking for a great skateboarding game for the ps2,then pick this up.You will really enjoy it.
3	B00005NN5G	This game is by far the best of the Tony Hawk series. Great graphics, not overly hard, yet challenging. What more could you want? How about a slew of darn good skaters, including's  Jackass's own Bam Margera. This game is essential to anyone who has a PS2. Great soundtrack too.
3	B00005NN5G	Well, what have we here? Just the best skateboarding game ever! I don't even know where to start, we have really come a long way from the first two. The options are almost limitless, for the create-a-skater and for the whole game. The levels are huge and have so much depth. The one player mode challenges are actually challenging. And the new addition of the revert only serves to make it better. This game is up there with SSX and the other hall-of-famers. I absolutely love this game. And it takes alot to impress me and if your a hard-core gamer I'm sure you feel the same. Bottom line go out and buy this game as soon as you finish reading this. If it's too late and the stores are closed order it from this site because they have a good price for it. Oh yeah and WOLVERINE need I say more? That's it from me. I'm out :)
3	B00005NN5G	Although some may say that this game is just more of the same, I have to disagree.  Although all the controls, and most of the characters are the same, this game has changed a lot from the original.  objectives such as &quot;Get Chuck Unstuck&quot; are hilarious new additions that were never on any of the other games.  I especially like the fact that Chuck runs around complaining about his tounge no matter how many times you play the level, and no matter how many times you run poor chuck over because he got in your way... Don't you think Chuck should have learned to get out of the way?  Oh well... poor Chuck.
3	B00005NN5J	I have been a fan of the Ace combat series for ages. Unfortunatly many of them were pretty much the same game and very little new in them. That however is not the case with Shattered skies. The graphics are absolutly amazing, except for maybe the explosions which are a little dull when compared to the detail in the rest of the game. It is not too hard to learn. You have various difficulties to chose from and a large selection of aircrat and ordanence to buy. Gangs of fun. My only real complaint is that 18 missions is way too short. They could have easily done twice that many. The storyline that appears at the beginning of most missions is very interesting and can help pull you into the game. This game is alot of fun.
3	B00005NN5J	This game is the best modern-day flight simulator I have ever played for any console! The graphics are awesome, except that the terrain isn't very detailed when viewed from an altitude of 1000 feet or below. The sound is great; I heard that they recorded actual jet engine sounds for this game. The gameplay is really fun. I didn't really like the anime style that they used to tell the story in. I'm one of those people who are really into the military and airplanes and that kind of stuff, so I really wasn't expecting it to be told like a cartoon. I would have liked it better if they had life-like animations in the cut-scenes instead of the cartoony look, but the gameplay, graphics, and sound more than make up for it. Also, I didn't really like how you got to tote around 50-60 missiles in the game, but it would probably be really hard without them. Overall, this is a really great game and I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys flight sims or just wants to play a good game.
3	B00005NN5J	Good Lord, this game's a freaking RUSH! Graphics-wise, this could be to jet fighting games what Gran Turismo 3 is to driving games -- the graphics and the detail in the jet fighters are just plain beautiful. Gameplay-wise, it's more arcade than sim, so learning to play is simple for newbies and veterans alike, so you'll be shooting down enemy jets in no time. Don't miss THIS flight!
3	B00005NN5J	First off I just got it this chrstmas(2001) and beat it today (dec. 28 2001) with about 5 hours or tim spent on easy.  Its cool and the graphics are photo realistic untill you get to oh maybee 200 feet then they get to look like PS1 graphics.  The gameplay missions and storyline is good.  Heres an idea of some of the missions: Re Created Pearl Harbor, Kill a giant Astroi Shooter, Assist A re-created D-Day and a Luke Sky-walker type death star inthe tunnels fin battle.  Thats only to name a few.  The controls are great and the viewpoints(First Person, Cockpit and Third Person) are great and the planes always look good.  The isltes are real and Everything is just real except you get 70 misltes(whitch is fair for the mission).  There are many yets that are real and good and the price is right. You buy upgrades and new planes/guns.  he Story is good and the game is good.  Ge this unless your sherlock holmes.
3	B00005NN5J	Ace Combat 04 is a flight combat simulator in which you take part in a ficitonal world war as a fighter pilot on the side of the ISAF (Independent States Allied Forces). At the beginning of the game, your enemy is the shadowy and mysterious "Erusians," who have taken over the entire continent except for one small island off the northeast coast, known as "Northpoint."The story is narrated from the viewpoint of an unnamed young boy living in a city conquered and occupied by the Erusians, and his tales of admiration for an Erusian pilot known only as "Yellow 13." The narratives are accompanied by animated stills which really flesh out the story and make it interesting. As the story progresses, the boy narrator relates how Yellow 13 hopes to meet his equal in air combat one day, and remarks about a "promising enemy pilot."The narrative of the story is undoubtedly influenced by WW2-esque narratives such as Empire of the Sun and such - and there are eerie similarities to WW2 as well: a continent occupied by a oppressive, fascist enemy, the Allied forces isolated to a small island off the coast of the continent, a desperate invasion to gain a toehold back to the continent, singing in the streets of liberated towns, and a final cataclysmic battle at the gates of the enemy's capital city.As far as the gameplay, you can control over 18 different aircraft, American, Soviet, and NATO. Your initial plane is the obsolescent, Vietnam-era F-4 Phantom, but as you complete missions, you are credited with money which you can use to buy more advanced airplanes and equipment. Of course, the more advanced planes cost more, and you will occasionally have to sell one or two of your older models, but it is money well-spent.Unfortunately, it is not a highly realistic sim in that you do not control takeoffs and landings, (they are done for you) and there's no concern over fuel state. Also, each and every plane holds dozens and dozens of missles, while in real life most fighter aircraft carry only about six to eight or even less. It would have been better if your squadron mates were more capable of killing enemies on their own, instead of your character shooting down scores of enemies in each engagement. In real life, a fighter pilot is lucky if he can successfully shoot down even one enemy aircraft in a given engagement. However, for fun factor, this title is way up there. I recommend it with 4 stars.
3	B00005NN5J	This is an awsome game. It is defianatly a must have if you like flight sims. It has about 15 missions or so and some extra features that come once you have completed the game's missions. The only complaint that I have is that the physics of the planes (speed, the range of the missles, and the accuracy of the bullets) are pretty unrealistic. An A-10 can't fly hardly over 400 knots and the A-10 in this game can fly easily over 500. You also have to be about 900 feet from the enemy before the missles can be locked on. In real life it can be about a mile or so, I beilieve. Those are my only complaints, but it's not enough to take over the fun this game produces to fighter plane fans. You have to buy your airplanes by the money you recieve from succesfull missions (the F-4 is your starting plane). It also tells a story as you play the missions, a pretty good one, too.
3	B00005NN5J	I finished this game in 2 days , it has about 19 missions . Honestly this game is quite short and really annoying me becasue I want to play more ! Graphics are marvellous ! , you can see your plane in 360'as well as replay movie . The sounds and songs in the game really make this game goes right to the top rank for PS2 games. If you love planes THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU.Good hunting.
3	B00005NN5J	Unlike the rather disappointing US version of Ace Combat 3 for the Playstation, AC4 is awesome.  If you like arcade flight sims, this one's an easy purchase.  I originally set myself up for a disappointing experience, but I've been playing it for the last three hours and I'm one happy camper.It has a (amazingly) comprehensible story with enjoyable narration--something that was sorely lacking from AC3.  The battles make some amount of sense; there's a definite flow and feeling of achievement after each mission, although it's still fixed in terms of the actual events that occur.  (There were aspects of AC3 that were cool, but the whole branching storyline made no sense without any cutscenes--it was just weird.)The money system is a great idea, especially since planes in AC3 seemed to show up at the whim of the designers or as a result of contrived storyline events.  You earn extra money for shooting down additional planes and earning higher mission grades, which can be used to purchase alternate weapons and new planes.  It gives some real motivation to do a better job on the missions other than just getting an &quot;A&quot; beside your name.The difficulty levels are a nice change as well--there's a &quot;very easy&quot; level that is reasonably easy to play, but still presents a bit of a challenge.  There's also a tutorial, which isn't that great but at least it's something--it was rough for beginners to get started with AC3.  (The biggest problems with the tutorial are that the text goes by too slowly, and there's not much in the way of feedback.  I was hoping for a way to practice various things like missile usage and bombing, but no such luck.)Graphics: beautiful.  They're good enough that I don't pay any attention, and that's precisely where they need to be.  I haven't noticed any anomalies at all in fact--no funny popup problems, weird blurring effects, slowdowns, whatever.  The sounds are quite good as well, tho the &quot;pilot chatter&quot; can be annoying at times...it's also useful (warns of enemy planes etc) so it's acceptable.Of course it's still Ace Combat: flight isn't terribly realistic, near-insane amounts of ammunition, surprise storyline changes, an amazing array of airplanes to choose from.  That just makes it all the more fun...sure, realistic flight sims have their place, but that isn't what AC is about and that's OK.Don't be scared off if you were unhappy with AC3 for the Playstation--this is a totally different animal, and well worth it.
3	B00005NN5J	This game has great attention to detail and is a blast to play.  The graphics are good looking and realistic, the textures are superb right up to subtle weathering.  The backgrounds are beautifully rendered, there are realistic clouds, snowflakes and raindrops.  The overhead views of the cityscapes are like looking at satellite photos.  The environments are enormous and allow for a lot of maneuvering during dogfights.  The effects are realistic also.There are plenty of planes to choose from and you collect money fast enough to move up to better planes quickly.  I like the fact that you can continue from one skill level to the next carrying over planes and money.  There are a few missions where one type of plane works better than another might but for the most part you're free to pick your favorite and use it all you want.  I've always been a fan of the A-10 Warthog and it's fun to fly with the Maverick missles.The game isn't extremely difficult and I was able to beat the normal mode in a few days and the hard level in a day.  The hardest part was meeting some of the time limits, but once you do a mission a few times you're able to come up with a strategy to beat the time.  If I have one complaint it's probably that the game is short but there is so much replayability it's not much of an issue.The story line is a good one.  The cutaway scenes are done like a story board and the art is well done.  I like the point of view the story is told through.  It builds suspense and slowly comes together over the whole game.  It's one of the few game storylines I've really enjoyed.This game was a great time.
3	B00005NN5J	This game is truley aswome! It is the best fighter simulation that I have ever played, on any platform. It features a vast array of planes and different weapons. the graphics are excellent, and it also includes a two player feature that allows both players to use their custom planes. You complete levels, earn money and then elventually purchase planes. This game is a must have for anyone that is interest in fighter planes, or if they just like to fly. The other bad thing is that if you get really close to the surface, you can make out the pixels in the surface.Graphics: 8/10Sound: 9/10Replayibilty: 9/10Online: NoMultiplayer: 1-2 playersOverall a great game worth the money you pay for it.
3	B00005NN5J	This may seem hasty to write, but I can't see another game getting better than this. The only other flight game I played was &quot;Top Gun&quot; and that was a joke so don't be enticed by the title. If the images of speeding in a jet, blowing up ground sites and dog fighting other aces, then Ace Combat is it!!!I gave it only 4 stars because it took me awhile to get used to turning the jet (I crashed several times) but once I understood how to control it I became a &quot;speedfreak&quot;. I would be flying so fast that I would launch  two missiles while chasing the enemy, and they would explode after I passed them up! The other reason why I gave this only 4 stars is that maybe there is a possibility that there might be a better flight game than this...but I doubt it. Uh, they're calling me &lt;Mobius 1 engage&gt;
3	B00005NN5J	This game is a lot of fun. Lots of dogfighting and ground targets to destroy, along with some tricky missions. Replays are cool, but in-game movies are cheesy and the gun sound fx are completely unsatisfying. The programmers might argue the sounds are true to life, but I'm much more interested in high drama for a more entertaining experience. But other than that, I liked the controls, the various planes, and the different weaponry. I'm not entirely sure the buy and sell options for planes and weapons is necessary.I haven't had the chance to play 2-player, and I bet that'd be great fun. If you're someone who sits and plays games for a weekend straight, pick this up used or as a rental. Its 18 missions offer under 25 hours of gameplay, I'd guess (playing the same mission over and over doesn't count).
3	B00005NN5J	I personally do not buy 'flight simulator' games because I am not simply interested in them.  However, I gave Ace Combat 4 a try simply because it was cheap.  Frankly I just don't like these 3D 'shooter' games; I'm a hardcore 2D shooter fan-however...Wow... this game just blew me away since from early missions to the very AWESOME last mission...  I didn't expect much from this 'flight simulator'...  This game literally reminded me of Ridge Racer R4 after finishing it.  Ridge Racer R4 was a great game because they added this simple story to an already great driving game with perfect jazzy music; Namco did exactly same thing to Ace Combat 4 by adding this narrative story aspect, which seems to be the winning combination for Namco.  Game would've been a great mission-based game without the story.  However, it would take this incredible 'experience' aspect away from the game.Early missions are easy enough for anyone to engage...however, it becomes harder toward the end (I had to retry COUNTLESS times..ok, may be it's just me..) Once you get to the half way, you have to face 'updated' objective after accomplishing first objective.  And I clearly remember this one mission where you have to destroy all the solar panels.  You get updated objective after done so, which is that you have to fly below 2000ft in order to survive...(and the only way is to fly through the valley, while being chased by enemy jets) and oh my gosh- my palms were sweating and my eyes were literally glued to the screen with my utmost concentration- and let me ask you this; how many games have ever made you to give your 100% concentration these days?  It's becoming harder and harder for me to finish a game to the very end these days yet I found myself coming back to this game again and again.  Everything is there; gameplay, graphic, music, fun factor, and last but not least; experience.Well, I wouldn't write this review unless I was compelled to do so... and I also want to simply 'beg' you to play this game if you happen to have any doubt.DON'T MISS IT- REALLY.
3	B00005NN5J	I don't play alot of plane games, but with the cool comrcails I couldn't resest. I'm going to join the navy when I'm old enough to fly F-14s, but for now I'm stickin' to the games for trianing. The graphics are great, game play isn't hard, you can buy planes and weapondry, basicly bombs for your plane which isn't hard to get. The game is alittle tough but once you beat the hard parts your find from there. The only thing I can't get by is the stuipid anime clips between missions, since anime has always been pritty stuipid. Over all this is a must have for all yu fighter jet goers out there.
3	B00005NN5J	It really is nice that they have designated AC4 as part of the PS2s Greatest Hits collection, because it is.  I like to assemble my own greatest hits for my various consoles and AC4 was hands down my choice as the best flight sim for the PS2.  One of my main criteria for a great game is replay value and AC4 offers endless replay value.  Flawless production that makes AC4 a must have for YOUR Greatest Hits collection.
3	B00005NN5J	If you liked any of the previous Ace Combat installations, you will simply love this game. The graphics are stunning and the gameply is marvelous. The ground below is pretty much photo-realistic. Sometimes you can even see ground troops and artillery advancing on the ground. The flares and smoke coming off the missles from the planes are mesmerizing.The dogfights in this game are the best yet. The AI bogeys are better than those in any jetfighting movie. The control in this game is simple and fun just like all of the other Ace Combat games. You can maneuver 22 differnet planes in 18 environments. After you beat the game once, you can replay any of the missions, so there is some replay value. Go pick up AC4 today and be literraly blown away!
3	B00005NN5J	I'm a newcomer to the Ace Combat series, and I must say, I'm very impressed. Here's why:GRAPHICS: All the aircraft in this game look photorealistic. From high altitudes, the backgrounds look photorealistic as well. However, when you drop to lower altitudes, the ground starts to get real pixal-like and blurry. At times it looks as if there's another thousand or two-thousand feet below you, when there's really not. The cutscenes are done in the manner of a children's book with painted or cartoon-like backgrounds.SOUND: If you think that the sound of your engines sounds dreadfully real, well, it's because it is. They actually recorded the engine sounds for various aircraft at different stages of flight. During combat, you'll hear lots of radio chatter. In one mission, you'll even get to listen to a local radio station telling its listeners what's happening while you're wreaking havoc in the skies above.MUSIC: After you beat the game once (make sure you save afterwards, though), you can listen to all the music tracks in the game (among other things). By themselves, though, the tracks aren't all that great, but with the tremendous exception of "Rex Tremendae" and the song immediately following it. Those two are the songs you listen to while playing the final mission. Personally, I'm a big fan of the Final Fantasy series. Ace Combat was the last place I'd have thought to find some ending level/boss music of Nobuo Uematsu's quality. "Rex Tremendae" and the following track are choir pieces, but they sound as good as FF7's "One-Winged Angel".GAMEPLAY: There are 18 different missions (not including the training missions) and each one of them has a different background, objective, background music, etc. You'll fly through canyons, over oceans, cities, snow-capped mountains (reminded me of Hoth in The Empire Strikes Back), deserts and supporting ground troops storming beaches Normandy-style. Most of the time, your objective will be to shoot down all targets, get a certain amount of points, or protect a certain target. There are lots of dogfights, but there are also lots of ground targets to be destroyed as well. Sometimes you'll be torn between fighting what's above you and what's below you, but there are aircraft that can handle both situations nicely.AIRCRAFT: There are 19. F4 Phantom, A10 Thunderbolt, F14 Tomcat, F16 Falcon, F18 Hornet, F117 Stealth fighter, F22 Raptor, lots of European aircraft, a nice variety of Mig's (go after the SU-37 or SU-37A). And although the Mig's are nice, because America has to have the best plane, we get the X-02 (excellent in about all categories, but still not as fast as the SU-37). You acquire these planes by shooting them down, then purchasing them. Be careful what you buy, though, because it sometimes takes two or three missions to accumulate enough money to purchase a single aircraft--not including extra armament.CAMERA: One of Ace Combat's MAJOR strong points is the ability to complete your mission in third person/external view. This is due to the fact that the external view has a gunsight for all aircraft. Games like X-Wing and Tachyon had external view, but they were only for show purposes as there was no targeting system--unless you wanted to shoot around blindly. On the downside, however, the Replay camera is not as good as the replay camera in X-Wing. Ace Combat's replay camera has several angles to choose from, but the camera doesn't seem to like close-ups too well. And, unlike X-Wing, you can't see the battle from your opponents POV.STORY: The story may seem a little childish--due to the cartoonish backgrounds--but believe me, it really is a pretty good story for a game of this type.DIFFICULTY: There are several difficulty levels, but either way, you can easily beat this game twice in three days, and probably without getting shot down by the enemy, either. By and large, most often you'll crash because you're flying too close to the ground--which you often have to do to hit ground targets(but this is where the A10 comes in handy).OVERALL: There's a lot more I could say about this game, but I think I touched on all the major points. And just because you can beat it in a day doesn't mean that it's just worth a rental. There is a two-player mode with various dogfighting options, multiple aircraft colors, special options after you do certain things (like beat the game or get S rank on all missions). And hey, sometimes, you just find yourself in that mood to fly fast against a beautiful background. I've beaten this game several times, but even now I still find myself playing it.
3	B00005NN5J	Hard to explain how great this game is.  Controls are tight, visuals are awesome, situations are realistic.  Unlike Top Gun ammo is limited and the missle misses really come back to hunt you later on.  The story is great.  Perhaps my very feature is if you hold the O button after you fire a missle the camera will zoom out of cockpit view and follow the missle like a hollywood movie the return once you let it go (it's so cool).  Only flaw is the explosions as they are weak, really weak.
3	B00005NN5J	This game is so much fun!  I highly recommend it.  It doesn't take too long to complete.  It only took me about 2 weekends off and on to finish.  Unlocking the different planes and color schemes is way cool.  But be sure to pick the right plane for the right mission.  I remember trying some missions and they were tough until I picked the right plane with the right weapons.  I recommend getting an online walkthrough in order to purchase the best planes for each mission in the first run through.  You can always buy the other planes later.  So if you enjoy flying games and war games, then you will love this because you get both in one.  Have fun!
3	B00005NN5J	this game is pretty good its graphics and gameplay is great this game is tons better than top gun.best airplane game your going to find  out there if your looking for a war airplane game the only bad  thing is it can get boring after two weeks
3	B00005NN5J	When I first started playing Ace Combat 04, I was a little disappointed as it seemed to be just a &quot;suped-up&quot; of version of the earlier Ace Combat games.  But as I got deeper into the missions, I found out it was much, much more.  Now I'm totally hooked on it, starting my third time through the missions.  Yes it's that much fun!I can't say enough about the graphics, they are just outstanding.  The control scheme is easy to master and you can be up and running in no time at all.  The levels load quickly so there's not a lot of wasted time, waiting to play a level.  The sound is also outstanding.This game has varying degrees of difficulty and is beatable fairly quickly in the easy mode, but you can go through and play it on one of the harder settings and have just as much fun the second time around, especially when you use different types of aircraft and weapons.You'll also have the option actually taking off and landing in some of the missions, including the carrier based missions.  You get a chance to refuel and rearm and even switch weapons to fight different kinds of enemies.  Many of the missions require you to complete land based objectives only to have objectives added that include dogfights.This a great game, in reality I give it 4.5 stars but since that's not an option I chose 4 stars.  If you love flight combat simulators, you will not be disappointed.
3	B00005NN5J	Ace Combat 4 is a perfect example of what video games are supposed to be. It's an arcade style fighter jet game, where you engage in dogfights, and various bombing missions in enemy territory. It also has an interesting storyline. But HERE are the details.The Controls: VERY simple. Each action has it's own button. You fly with the analog joysticks. Target Lock, Shoot, Accelerate, and Decelerate with seperate buttons. Give yourself 5 minutes and you'll have mastered the controls. The rumble pack is especially great for this game, shaking when you hit the afterburner, or take a missle in the rear end.Graphics: Very nice. People who don't think these are good graphics have been playing too many computer flight sim games where the graphics are borderline insane (Jetfighter 4).This is PS2 on your TV, the graphics are smooth, and the explosions are fun to see.Sound: Great music. It's intense. Plane sounds are top notch. Missles wizzing by your plane sound great also.The Game: FUN. It is NOT a flight simulator. You don't have to land, take off, or fly 15 minutes to your target desination. You put the game in and there you go. Pure arcade style fighter jet fun.Extra Info: There are 18 missions, all of which are different. You can also purchase new, better planes, and more advanced weapons as each mission passes, and you obtain more money.If your looking for a good fun game, this is for you. If you want a complicated flight sim, look elsewhere. Enjoy!
3	B00005NN5J	I rented this game and ended up finishing it in maybe 7 or 8 hours of gameplay. (in normal mode) This may seem short but only because I Just HAD to see what the next mission was like and basically played it straight through.  Now that I've completed it I still can't put it down, because once complete you can &quot;continue&quot; your career and fly the missions over again, but with your new, much improved hardware. Destroying targets in missions earns you cash which you can use to buy new planes. (21 I think?)  Just because you've completed all 18 missions doesn't mean you can afford all the planes though, far from it.  I held out for several missions until I could afford the mid-grade F-15, but there are many more after that.  (you have to resist buying every plane you can afford and save up for the really sweet rides) I went through a few missions a second time until  I could afford the awesome F-15 Advance.  (WOW)  There are tons of other real world planes, many F22 &amp; F16 variants, the F117 (stealth fighter) and several Warsaw Pact planes, (Migs and stuff) and last but not least, that loveable, tank-busting A10 Warthog. All of them perform/appear different enough to warrant purchase, and I sorta have that &quot;gotta catch 'em all&quot; feeling. I also read somewhere about unlocking alternate paint schemes.  Sheesh!  The missions themselves are nicely varied as is the terrain/environment.  The radio chatter and military style pre-mission briefing add alot of tension and atmosphere and the storyline is pretty cool too.  Obviously, I plan on adding this one to my collection permanently and would recommend you do the same.
3	B00005NN5J	This was my first and favorite game in the Ace combat games.  Excellent mission variety, and good storyline.  I like the fact that you get your briefing, head out, listen in on your wingmen if you want, and strike your targets.  If you run out of ordnance (missiles, bombs, and gun ammo), you can fly back to your base or carrier to reload and have your bird repaired.  My only gripe about this game is it's a bit difficult to save up funds to buy new planes.  I have this and Ace Combat 5, and I liked this one the best.  Ace combat 5 has a storyline that flows over into your actual mission flight, which I find annoying, In Ace Combat 5, you can't upgrade or choose weapons for the planes, whereas you can in Ace Combat 4.  And Ace Combat 5 forces you to "unlock" new planes, VERY ANNOYING; in Ace Combat 4, the planes become available as you move along in the campaign.  And in Ace Combat 5, you cannot fly back to base to repair and rearm.... EXTREMELY ANNOYING!!.  some of the missions in AC5 are really annoying, such as following an old ace pilot to run away, flying a recon mission to take pictures.... with only ten camera shots.  In Ace Combat 4, you just attack your targets and defend a few allies, much more direct and to the point.  I am awaiting the release of Ace Combat: Assault Horizon, and I hope it is direct and to the point like AC4.
3	B00005NN5J	This is one of the best flight simulators, every time you pass a mission you get money to buy more planes and jets and weapons to put on the aircrafts.  There air different aircraft for different missions and even some hidden aircraft but I haven&#65533;t gotten those yet.  The graphics for the plains are awesome but for the rest of the game they [aren't].  The buildings I guess kind of resemble buildings and the tanks, well I just trusted my radar and missile guidance system to help me find those.The story to the game is cool, I think it would be World War 3 or what World War 2 would look like if it were now a days.  It takes your through the start of the war and into the finish of the war.  One cool thing about the game is that every time you complete a mission your reputation goes up and you over here enemy radio saying the ribbon fighter (Your character) is above them.  So basically you feared by the enemy and loved by your troops.The game is a really cool I recommend it.
3	B00005NN5J	dude, this game ROCKKKKS!...AWESOME GAMEPLAY!, STUNNING GRAPHICS! CONVINCING STORYLINE!, AN ARMY OF FIGHTER JETS TO PURCHASE! and if THAT'S just not enough to stir your kettle....just think about all the GLORY and PRAISE that gets thrown your way after the last mission of the game!...you literally feel like a REAL fighter pilot that just one WWIII!!...talk about an "ego" booster!..and the weapons, that's just another story, from common air combat weaponry like machine guns to missiles that even MIKE TYSON would be afraid of!...this game is the way to go if you're into AIR COMBAT SIMULATION, i was never even into the whole "ace combat" series, but when i played THIS one for the first time...TALK ABOUT ADDICTING! and even if THAT'S not enough to convince you....just the SOUNDTRACK alone KICKS BUTT! and the 4th brother of the ACE COMBAT family would be considered the ICING on your cake....just uhmmm, make sure that when u hop into an SU-37 fighter jet and fly over the cake at MACH 2 (approx 1000mph...your CAKE doesn't fly away. so bottom line, DEFINITELY a keeper for the library, no doubts about it!
3	B00005NN5J	This is a pretty easy and fun game.You are a pilot name Mobius and your fighting against the Erusions.There are several different difficulty levels on this game.This review is based on the normal mode.Ace Combat 4 involves intense air to air,air to sea and air to ground battles.Once you learn how to turn,read the map and drop your special weapons correctly you can get thru this easy.There is 5 tuturouls that show you how to do all of that.Air targets are easy to hit with missles just lock on and send 2 missles at them.It only takes 1 missle for ground targets.Ground targets are harder to hit thou because the planes you are flying in are fast compared to the ones in secret weapons over normandy.You will unfortuanly crash if you don't slow down and fly low to hit ground targets.The goal of this game is to get an S rating.An S rating gives you enough money to buy new planes and new and better special weapons.You get all kind of jets to fly in this game there is F15's,F18 hornets,F4's,F5e's,Migs and other jet fliers.Secondary weapons consist of bombs and some special type of missles.These missles are better than the missles that your plane comes with.There are all kind of bombs.I like the napolms because when they hit an object on the ground they explode several times.Their is one secondary weapon you get that allows you to hit several planes with missiles at the same time.The explosions in this game are ok but not as good as normandys.The graphics are good.The enviroments consist of mountains,snowcover,oceans etc.The ground targets your after consist of radars,hangers,aa guns,planes on the runway,oil rigs,towers,sam missle types,boats and others.The game offers you three choice views by pressing the down area you can toggle between 1st person view,cockpit view and 3rd person view.Cockpit view looks different on every plane in otherwords each plane looks as different inside as it does out.It is easy to locate the repair station on this game.Just go to the map and hit the sqare button till you see the white dotted lines fly or turn toward those lines.Your wheels will then lower however you can skip this part and hit start and you will be on the runway to take off.It is tricky to actually land the plane but it can be down but to save time you can just hit the start button and your already there.When you land you get your plane fixed and your weapons replinished you can also change your special weapons if you want to.You can either take off or you can hit start and your already in the air.I like to take off because you can kick in the afterburners and watch your plane head toward the sky.The jet noises on this game is real.They actually recorded the sound from actual jets when they made this game.I would also recommend you purchase the ace combat 4 strategy guide used for this game.It is very helpful and tells you how to get an s rating on every level as well as show you all planes,secondary weapons,levels and bonuses when you finish.If your lucky enough to finish every level you get a bonus called free flight or roam were you can fly on any level for 30 minutes without enemies just enjoy the flight you also get to play on all levels when you finish anyone you want.You will also want to pick up Ace Combat 5 in November it will have new planes,new missions and you will be able to get your wingmen to help defend you if you get in trouble.Here is some pros and cons on this game.Pros1)Excellent Graphics2)Modern Up To Date Jets3)You Can Switch Between Special Weapons And Missles By Hitting The Select Button.4)You Can Toggle Between 1st,Cockpit and 3rd Person View By  Hitting The Down Arrow Key.5)It's Fun To Watch Your Target Explode6)Only Takes 1 Missle To Destroy Ground Targets7)Most Of The Jets On This Game Are Incredibly Fast They Can Reach Speeds Of Over 1000 Mph If You Hold Down The R1 Trigger.Some Are Faster Than Others.8)You Don't Stall As Easy On This Game As You Do On Normandy.If You Do Just Accelerate By Hitting The R1 Trigger.The Service Stations Are Easy To Find By Going To The Map And Flying Toward The Station.9)You Have The Option To Do A Manuel Takeoff And Landing Or Skip It By Hitting Start And Doing It Automatically To Save Time10)It's Fun To Watch These Jets Take Off11)A Good Variety Of Planes And Special Weapons To Buy.12)When You Finish The Game You Get To Free Fly Without Any Enemies.13)You Get To Play All Levels When You Finish Game.Cons1)It's Difficult To Hit Targets With Your Machine Guns.I've Had To Use Missles Because I Can't Strike Planes With Bullets.2)Sometimes Even When Your Locked On To A Plane It Can Out Manuvier And Get Away.3)Planes Require 2 Hits By Missles To Bring Them Down.4)You Only Get A Limited Number Of Special Weapons And Missles.5)Crashing Is Easy Especially When Going After Ground Targets.6)Planes And Special Weapons Are Expensive And You Must Get An S Rating To Buy Them.7)You Can Only Save 4 Levels At A Time if you want to save more than that you will have to overwrite one but this is solved when you finish the game you get to play all levels.If you like air combat games get a Ps2 and buy this game.You will enjoy it.Also it is on sale now.
3	B00005NN5J	Before i start i would like to thank namco for releasing this gem of a game.  I've played every game in the series, and always was thankful for them, since they were the only good fighter combat games out there.  But this game goes above and beyond anything in the previous 3.First off the graphics are absolutly beautiful.  The ground no longer looks pixelated, it's now perfectly blended.  Although the cities look mostly the same as they did, with sky scrapers coming up and other buildings shown flat on the ground, it's still effective.  But this time there's just so much more going on on the ground, guns firing at you are shown much more realistically.  In the ground support missions tanks, artillery, and pillboxes are all shown perfectly as they fire on your landing or advancing troops.  Coming down from 35,000 feet, through clouds onto land targets is still as exciting as ever.But the greatest addition to the series is the story.  In the others in the series i didn't really care about it, i just wanted to get to the blowing stuff up parts, but in this the story is very captivating.  It's shown through a mixture of movies and still pictures narrated by a civilian who is living through the war.  This makes it very interesting as he interacts with the enemy you are fighting.Overall this game should take it's place in your collection of games simply because it's the best flight sim out there on any console, and i doubt x-box or gamecube will have anything better for a while or maybe not at all.  If you like aerial combat or have an interest this is the game for you.
3	B00005NN5J	Whenever a dog-fighting sim comes to mind I always have to think back to the old days on the Nintendo 8-bit when I first tried out "Top Gun". I was a force to be reckoned with...at least for the first level. I made my way through all those bogeys with ease, and then I was given the order to land. Beads of sweat rolled down my face, a lump grew in my throat...and you can bet a steak dinner I nose dived my multi-million dollar F-14 into the carrier, again and again. Sure it may be a fossil of a game by now but I always had to applaud it for adding that extra depth of realism by requiring landings, even though I sucked at it.I must admit I never got a chance to try the very popular Ace Combat 2; I instead tried the obsolete Air Combat that was bad enough to make me hold back from trying other flight games for Playstation. So when Ace Combat 3 made its way into a used CD store, it didn't take long to find its way it Jobe's sticky fingers. After playing through it now, three times, trying out all of the ships and other modes I can say without a doubt in my mind, this is the best dog fighting game I've ever played. Playing this one makes all others seem like toys in a discount rack, Ace combat 4 is like a dream, this game can't be real.Instead of shoving "no chance in hell levels" and monstrous mechanical enemies like Air Force Delta, down players throats to try and make an electrifying game during every second. Ace Combat 4 sticks to what it's really about, dog fighting. Sure there are multiple air-to-ground levels, but when you're not putting towers or satellite dishes in your sights, you're probably cranking your plane as sharp as it can turn to avoid one of a missile on your six.Flight combat here is, no joke, just as it should be. You take two hits, maybe even one perfect one and its curtains. Just like in real-life piloting, half of your time is going to be dodging missiles from bogeys, who will stick on you like a bum on a bologna sandwich. No enemy can be deemed irrelevant here, it's when you pass that missed SAM site that you'll have immediate missile lock, so kiss targeting any other enemies goodbye, because  you're times going to be spent pulling G-Force blackouts to avoid missiles. Over the course of 18 missions you'll also encounter an elite group of fighters called "Yellow Squadron", and going up against these pilots manages to create a tense heat as you fight for a perfect missile lock while avoiding a Yellow already on your tail.Another point I have to bring into view is the storyline, granted there are no CGI's or movie clips between missions. Instead the story is told through still hand drawn pictures, and is so well written that it makes even some of the RPG's stories look like Creative Writing in Kindergarten. Ace Combat 4's story isn't a crazed general hell-bent on world domination, but in fact a superbly written narrative about the recollections of a young boy during a war who befriends an enigmatic pilot "Yellow 13" who strives during the war to find a worthy opponent, and you are that opponent he speaks of during the storyboards. The war is between the Eursian's and the Allies who fight over a devious weapon originally designed to shoot down meteors falling to earth called "Stone Hedge"The story not only is a huge and creative departure from your everyday gaming stories, but also adds in a smart commentary on trials and tribulations of those involved in war as well. It also doesn't hurt that the opening moments of the final level is one of the greatest cinema scenes in gaming history, I won't spoil it, but coming from a movie reviewer for over 5 years I can say it even rivals the silver screens moments.Ace Combat 4 is one by far this year's biggest sleeper hit. I had no idea of what to expect when I purchased it, and what I found was a dog fighting paradise. Flight simulator fan or not, I still recommend this one highly to all PS2 owners, after playing through it 5 times and already on my sixth I still can't find anything bad about this game, and believe me that truly means that this game is something special. One of 2001's 10 best games, another must have title, right alongside Metal Gear Solid 2 and Grand Theft Auto 3.
3	B00005NN5J	This is a great game. For a $19.99 game it has great grafics. 2 missles blow your plane up. Dont listen to the guy who said the planes have bad armor because real planes blow up after 1 missle. If you like combat flight simulators you will probably like Ace combat 4.
3	B00005NN5J	In scanning over the reviews, I can't believe no one mentioned that you basically work your way up to better planes and equiptment in this game and what that really means.  In my view, this is one of the best aspects of the game because, at first, you're pretty much of a sitting duck in the crappy plane and weaponry you start out with; but then when you've kicked butt to the point that you have a greater wealth of choices in aircraft capability it starts getting as if you really are investing something in your choice and might actually go with a less 'capable' plane because of some particular aspect of a mission only that one is good for--outfly or out dogfight, better strategy or just sheer adrenaline, ....Some of the planes are too manueverable, too fast, no good in tight spaces or no good at low altitude runs.  No one superplane is good for even one third of the missions.  This is basically what keeps playing the same missions over and over interesting and fresh, because as you try to accomplish the same mission in various planes you find there are drastically different advantages / disadvantages and that it influences how you go about the mission.This game makes you use your head to succeed.One thing I wish the Ace Combat series would come out with--I've only played Ace Combat 4 actually--is flight school.  I don't think they need to give away top gun secrets to give people just a few pointers from experienced pilots.
3	B00005NN5J	This game is absolutely perfect.  The scenery is so realistic - 60fps of incredible lighting effects and shading.  Just flying over water and mountains is worth the price of the game.  The controls are easy to handle, but still realistic enough to be exciting in a firefight.  The hard parts are taken out of a true sim (for example, carrier landings are optional) but there is so much realism in what is presented that it's spectacular.  Each of the planes are rendered great, from the in-cockpit views to the external, and you have a good mix of weaponry to bring along.  The missions are all very different and realistic, with ground targets and flat-out dogfighting with other modern jets.  There's lots of headphone chatter from other pilots, and the music is very motivational and driving.  This game makes me glad I have a PS2, and I can't find a single thing wrong with it, although I wish I could buy some kind of pilot's seat with the stick rigged into my console so I could play it with real controls.
3	B00005NN5J	I love the story line and the graphics and gameplay are great. I don't understand how the Eurusians where able to knock the ISAF all the way to North Point because once you destroy Stonehenge they start retreating like there is no tomorrow but this game rules maybe to much if it wasn't for this game and dynasty warriors 3 i wouldn't be on academic probation from college lol its ok i can get a 2.0
3	B00005NN5J	This is the type of game that PS is build for.  The graphics are insane, the force feedback on the controller is precise and the gameplay is one of the best!  This is indeed one of the BEST flight simulators that I've played.  Whether is landing the aircraft on the aircraft carrier or blowing up oil fields, the attention to detail is awsome.  I've had it for a week and I am addicted.  This is PS2's best game since GT3.
3	B00005NN5J	I liked playing Ace Combat 4.  The problems I had, the story never made since to me?? I believe they could have made a better story, and made it more of a movie, not a cartoon.  Also the flying model is the same for all the planes.  The sound is very good, and the eye candy is off the charts!!!  I like watching the replays, but what makes this game lack is the planes being the same.  There is no way that that an f-4 can take on an f-16 in close combat.  The f-16 Falcon would out maneuver the f-4 phantom with the pilot not breaking a sweat.  Playing with Two people is fun, but you can not change the view, you're stuck with one view for the two player missions.  The combat is easy, I have never been shot down buy a computer enemy, even with the AI turned all the way up to hard.  The only time I lost a mission, was when I smacked into the ground, or in a wall. Dodging the enemy missiles are so easy, that you will never have to worry about being hit by one.  All in all, I gave the game a 4 only because, its fun playing, being an arcade type flying game.  But if you're looking for realism.  Then stick with flying computer flying sims, because this game is nothing more than a Arcade game that you can play for 50 cents.
3	B00005NN5J	This game is truly excellent- it far outdoes any of the flight combat sims to date. First, the graphics and animation are right on par except for a little blurriness on the terrain when you get up close, but that's because the hardware still has some limitations. After all, when you are climbing to 10,000 feet and look out the side of your cockpit, you are seeing vast expanses of some very photorealistic terrain. Add to those graphics an exciting collection of real, existing planes (well, most of them...) secret paint schemes that you can win by shooting down enemy aces, excellent sounds including ambient speech coming to your "headset", etc., and you've got one heck of a great game! The story seems to be a blend of reminiscence of the occupation of Japan during WWII and a prediction of air combat for the future.The only complaint I can think of though, is a pretty big one, resulting in a one-star shortage: why all the missiles? I know for a fact that current F-16's and F-15's can NOT carry upwards of 50 missiles on their bodies... that's ridiculous- and it gives you very little ammo for your guns, so any attempt to make your gaming experience more realistic is quickly batted down (because I like using the guns, but then I must fly back across to friendly territory to restock my ammo, costing quite a bit of valuable mission time). It seems unfortunate, but that's the way the Ace Combat titles have always been. I hope NAMCO fixes this minor problem when they release AC5. I'm already drooling for it!
3	B00005NN5J	A must have for the player of the air combat genre.Everything about this game was done perfectly. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is exactly what you'd come to expect from the 4th edition of the series.However, the 2 player mode is very lacking. The inability to change the view while playing with another person can almost ruin it for anyone who prefers the other views.I like the game so much that I played it through on all difficulties to get enough cash to unlock ever single plane (Including the awesome X-02).
3	B00005NN5J	This game is really good it has a resonable selection of airplanes and weapons. although the caroon movies are very corny you can skip them and get straight into the action. the system of the better you do the more money you get is great.  with this system what type of plane you get is souly up to you. this is the best console flight simulater i have ever played.
3	B00005NN5J	You know, out of all the games I've played, I have to say Ace Combat 4 ranks rather high on my favorites list.  Sequals since have come and gone with improved wingman and graphics, but none have matched the emotionally gripping story, unforgettable soundtrack, and the most epic and dramatic climactic battle sequence.Everything in that game, from first flight to the most memorable final battle I've ever seen, is pure heaven.  Every victory, every radio call, every element inside the missions contributes the buildup to the final battle.  And the story told from a small boy's point of view makes you truely feel like you're making a difference in the war, and gives you insight into your arch-rival.  A man whom is not evil, but who is simply a soldier on the other side of politics.Even during the epic last battle as two wings of ace pilots clash amid a meteor storm, you hear dramatic radio calls back and forth as pilots get shot down and the battle progresses both in the air and on Megalith, the formidable ground installation.Games have had more involving stories, longer gameplay, and better graphics, but none have had such a perfect blend of action, drama, fun, and such colorful soundtrack to go along with it all.Ace Combat 4 is not simply a flight sim, it is an interactive masterpiece brought to you in a way that only an arcade flight sim can deliver.  It is a game that takes you in and makes you want to go back and do it over and over again.  Years and years after its original release and a full generation of consoles ago, I give Ace Combat 4 a full double 5-star rating.Graphics: 5 - for that time period of games, these were excellent graphics.  And really, the imperfections can be easily overlooked since you'll be spending a lot of time focusing on the enemy and avoiding hitting the ground.Music - 5 - Good enough that I bought the soundtrack and still listen to it almost daily.  The music meshes extremely well with the missions themselves, and there's a good lot of variety in the tracks.  This isn't a game where you have a dozen remixes of one song, like Halo.  Nor will you be tuning it out while you play.  It gets your adrenaline going while never distracting you from your objective or overpowering the radio calls which contribute a lot to the gameplay.Controls - 5 - Dual-analog controls work well, the planes respond well and smoothly to your imputs.  Within minutes the entire layout becomes instinct.  Very easy to use.Story - 5 - Although the use of storyboards instead of true movie sequences brought on a lot of flak from other players, it was an interesting move and the pictures were very well done and the director used some other rather interesting elements to tell the story.Playability - 5 - I've never encountered a glitch in all my times playing through the game.  And there are plenty of difficulty levels for all players.  Beating the original "hard" difficulty opens up another, harder difficulty level for real aces to try.Replay - 5 - It's 2007 and I just played the game all the way through for the 18th time.  Enough said.
3	B00005NN5J	...look no further, here is the game that will satisfy your dreams of jet-jockey adventures at mach speed.While AC4 doesn't offer the level of depth or complexity of a PC grade flight sim, it does throw out gobs of fun and more adrenaline packing moments then you can shake your flight stick at.  The simple (and slick) controls, intuitive interface and helpful tutorial will allow most beginner players to the air-combat genre to immediately grasp AC4's core fundamentals (navigation, radar, thrust, weapons).  Although the game is a bit on the short side (18 missions), it is extremely well designed with elegant level progression, interesting mission variety and, most surprising, a nifty storyline presented in comic-book/anime stills with eloquent voiceover.  Impressive atmospherics and keen attention to small details contribute significantly in enveloping the player in the world of AC4 - Well produced radio chatter from wingmen, AWAC info, enemies and ground forces you're supporting truly raise the level of already excellent production design.  Graphically, the game will not disappoint with photo realistic terrain, beautiful plane models and impressive light sourcing and weather effects (rain, snow).All in all, a fun, exciting game with a captivating storyline that left me jonesing for at least a few more missions.
3	B00005NN5J	If there's one thing that NAMCO is known for, it's getting the gameplay right and then not messing with it. Oh, and GRAPHICS. From the Ridge Racer series to the Soul Caliber and Tekken series, every new game never fails to amaze with graphics that push the system far past the limits we all thought it had. This game is no different.The best way to describe this game is to call it technical perfection. The in-flight graphics are the most perfect I have ever seen in ANY air-combat game, pc or console. The load times are non-existant. And needless to say, if you liked the previous voice-overs, music, menus and graphical mission readouts from the previous games, you'll be in heaven. And even when you die (and trust me you will), you can just choose restart from a menu and go right into the action.Okay, so the graphics and presentation are great. But we all know no game is worth playing that doesn't have great gameplay. While there aren't many missions in this game, the missions that are to be found are absolutely outstanding, with changing mission objectives, and bonuses to be obtained from destroying special enemies and getting a high score (as a side note, at any time during a mission you can flying back to your aircraft carrier by going past the white dotted lines on the map in order to refill your ammo and repair ALL damage to your craft). And since you have TWO unlockable difficulty levels to beat after you beat the game the first time (I'm currently working on expert and hoping to unlock ace), you'll be playing the same missions over and over. Usually something like that would bug me, but the missions are so darn fun (And the jets you unlock later are so cool) that you won't mind a bit.This game is no slouch in the audio department either. The sound effects realistic, and the voice-overs from both the enemy, and from your wingmen during the missions are wonderful.When you are playing this game, it almost feels real. But I doubt flying a real fighter jet would ever be this fun.
3	B00005NN5J	This game has to be one of the best aerial combat games ever.  This game is an arcade, NOT a simulation.  The controls are simple, and the plane moves fluidly whichever direction you wish to go.  The scenery is also fairly well-done, but the graphical detail does become worse as you drop down.  The air chatter is nice, but it does get annoying after the repetitive "cheerleader" comments (like "Nice shot" or something like that). Although overall is fairly excellent, there has to be a comment made about the last mission -- Megalith.  If you liked Star Wars, the last mission is definitely reminiscent of the attack on the Death Star.  The storyline is a bit weird and a wee bit cheesy, but overall, this game is definitely worth the money, new or used.  The replay value may be a little lower than some other games like Metal Gear Solid or Gran Turismo, until you hit 2 player deathmatches in the air!
3	B00005NN5J	I love air combat games, pure and simple. Shooting down bombers, dropping payloads on ground targets, and dogfighting with jets - these are the core ingredients to a good flight action game, and Ace Combat 4 has plenty of each. It's not perfect, but there is a lot to enjoy.First, the good stuff: there's a nice selection of fighter jets to fly in this game, and you acquire them rapidly enough to keep it interesting. You can also acquire more advanced weapons as the game progresses - some of which are just plain fun to blow stuff up with. Missions take place over beautiful scenery and amongst nicely rendered clouds. Top that off with (optional) full 3D cockpit views and you can really get immersed in AC4.Other pluses include an extremely tight (though semi-arcade style) control setup, spot on sound and music, cinematic replays (that cannot be saved, sadly), and a very intuitive menu system. AC4 also has a solid story tied in by occasional comic-book-art cut scenes.Now for the bad, of which there is not much. First off, the campaign is only 18 missions. They're fun to play, but even on "normal" difficulty (the second hardest setting), the whole thing is over with way too quickly. This brings me to my other complaint, which I consider to be much more serious - there's no single player game outside of the campaign. This game is just begging for a random dogfight/bombing/defense/etc mission generator. If AC4 had that (or a much longer campaign with multiple possible branches in the story), I would have given it 5 stars overall for the huge boost in replay value.Here's the bottom line: even 3 years after its release, Ace Combat 4 looks really good, and is an extremely solid air combat sim. It's definitely among the top games I've ever owned for any console, but especially the PS2. Great controls, a fun campaign, large selection of expensive military toys to play with... Add it all up and you get a must-have addition to any PS2 gamer's collection.
3	B00005NN5J	The fact that they have these lame Japanese-type comic book style cut scenes and awful voice over is why I didn't score this game a 5 out of 5.I don't like the missions as being "made up".  You can tell this game was made in Japan because the missions were kinda out there almost Metal Gear Solid-type stuff.  Really unbelievable.  They should've made the games more like the Navy Seals SOCOM series where you had threats that were real and in real locations.  It's seemed too futuristic for me.  What saved this game is the control, the combat, the missions, the weapons, the fact that you can buy additional air craft and you can actually replay the game from the beginning, keeping what you've bought and earned so far!!!The cut scenes have this stupidly, out of place narration that thankfully can be skipped.  However, the fact that they poisoned the game with that junk really is a shame.But, I enjoy the game a lot.  This is my second time playing it, this time, I'm going to try to earn a A rating on each mission.  One time I even earned an "S" rating!!After I finish this game, it's on to SOCOM III: Navy Seals!!!
3	B00005NN5L	If you want the best wrestling game(or 1 of the best game ever)get SMACKDOWN HERE COMES THE PAIN.This is good nowadays and it beats the other wrestling games on the Gamecube and Xbox.
3	B00005NN5L	Let's not dwell on the fact that just bring it plays exactly the same the same as the past two smackdown installments. Those games rocked anyway, and still stand as the best wrestling games to hit home consoles in the history of the industry. What i will (complain) about, however, is the way Yuke's totally broke the Story mode in this year's version. Smack down 2's Story mode was nigh endless, which was a problem. But i've yet to have Story mode last longer than four matches in Just Bring it that's just ridiculous. If you lose a match, win a title, or defend a title, it's gameover. That's not nearly enough time to play out any of the convoluted storylines the WWf is famous for. It's extremely annoying if you're playing this as a one player game, especially since Story mode unlocks all the cool create a wrestler bonuses. Once you get past that, though, SmackDown is awsome. Get a multi tap and a few friends together, and the beauty of just bring it comes to light pretty quickly. It plays great, looks just as good, and features most of the wrestlers you've come to love or hate from watching Raw and SmackDown. Come on, we know you do. Plus it's so fulfilling, almost therapeutic, to layeth the smacketh down on a few of your buddies. With almost any match you can think of included in the game everything from last man standing to Hell in a Cell you won't get bored of this one for a long time to come.
3	B00005NN5L	Ok, I have been playing wrestling games for a long time now. Sinece the first game for SNS to this new marvel of gaming technology, so I have seen how much the wrestling industry has improved. Just Bring It is a great example of &quot;how to do&quot; a wrestling game. The character animation is perfect and flawless. There are no obvious gliches or frame skipping, and the moves are much MUCH more fluent and expansive. There are multiple modes to playing such as TLC, Hell in a Cell, Ironman...etc. This game also offers more characters. Its great and i reccommend it to everyone who has a PS2.
3	B00005NN5L	I was gonna stop at SmackDown! 4, but I thought I'd go ahead and get the rest of the series just so I could have it. The first one on my list was this one. Now, the first few time I played it, I was like, yeah, this is okay. But I as I went on, I started getting bored. Eventually, I just started playing SmackDown! 4 again. Now, the game is okay, but it's not great.Again, the graphics are better then SmackDown! 2, but worse then SmackDown! 4. There are more then 40 superstars to choose from, less then both of the previously mentioned. Exhibition mode still has alot of matches to choose from. There's still single, tag team, six man tag, handicap, Royal Rumble, King of the Ring, hardcore, falls count anywhere, survival, and special. Special matches include Cage, I Quit, Table, Ladder, TLC, Special Referee, Hell in a Cell, Ironman, 3 Stages of Hell, and Slobber Knocker. The controls aren't very different from SmackDown! 2, so you won't have to much trouble figuring it all out if you've played the second one.Story mode isn't much better then SmackDown! 2, and is REALLY short. The only good thing is the unlockables, and there's ALOT of those, so it's something to look forward to. Other then that, Story mode is pretty boring.Create mode is pretty much the same, except for Create a Pay-Per-View not being in. Create a Superstar is quite a big improvement from SmackDown! 2, where you have even more control. There are more types of moves to be assigned this time, and you also have the power to change the default superstars move set. Create a Taunt is still very pointless, and Create a Stable is the same as SmackDown! 2, except you can't assign as many people to one stable.Theatre mode is actually quite a bit better then SmackDown! 4. You get to watch a behind the scences of how the commercials for SmackDown! 1 and 2 were made. They're pretty funny to.All in all, SmackDown! 3 is one of the worst of the series. If you have a PS2, I'd recommend buying SmackDown! 4 instead. But if you want to own all of them, this is still a good game.
3	B00005NN5L	this game is good but needs some improvement.the royal rumble still has four people in the ring at the same time.you can do the same thing a million times in the story mode without it changing and it doesn't have is many superstars as there were at that time but it is still a good game.
3	B00005NN5L	I traded my friend a wrestling game i didnt like for this, and i love it. Its fast,l fun, and has catchy background music. If u play a hardcore match, u can go anywhere, AN I MEAN ANYWHERE! A kool thing about this one is if u do ur finisher and it works, u can pin them immediately and win. Some downsides are the graphics (well remember this is 2001), the memory card space, and the way the CAW faces look retarded. Overall its fun, but i wouldnt recommend it to people who care to much for graphics.
3	B00005NN5L	I must say this is the best wrestling game out.  The characters look almost real, even though there are some problems with the effects, but hey the designers can't do everything.  I found it fairly hard to do some of the finishing moves, which was my only set back, but I mean you learn how to do them after a while.  It has a full list of WWF characters, which can't be beat, and the entrances are amazing on the first time watching them.  The story mode is very fun and entertaining, but after a while it can get boring.  This is a great game to have for any WWF fan, and even for those that aren't.
3	B00005NN5L	I just want to say that this game has it's ups and it's downs. That is why I gave it a 4. The story mode is terrible, the action is too fast-paced, and the controls are hard to use. The entrances, movies, and gameplay are just like the real thing, though. Really, the only thing that has a reply value is the create-a-wrestler mode. That has an infinte replay value. Heck, that's enough to warrant a purchase by itself, ... there's really no excuse to not buy it. I love the selection of match modes and wrestlers. This is a must-have for the wrestling fan. If you want, you can rent it first to see how you like it, then buy it, but play it anyway.
3	B00005NN5L	The Smackdown Series has proven itself over and over again as the most solid Wrestling video game on the market. Starting with Smackdown 1 for PS, and up to now with Smackdown Just Bring it, THQ is always making improvements. Ofcourse there is no perfect wrestling game. There are some flaws, but unlike some people, you HAVE to look past them.The GOOD: The Entrances are great. The characters look as close to the wrestlers as they are going to in a video game. The finishing moves are all there, even up to the &quot;Last Ride&quot;. There are also TONS of different matches to play. TLC, Ladder, I Quit, Tags, Intergender, Hell in a Cell, and on and on. There's also &quot;Slobber Knocker&quot; mode, which is my favorite. You pick a superstar and attempt to KO, or Pin as many wrestlers as possible in the 10 minute time frame. Finishers almost always result in an immediate victory which keeps it moving along.Also, as was a flaw in previous Smackdown games, the finisher (when earned correctly) ALWAYS leads to a pin, rather than the computer kicking out of 2 straight stunners. The story mode? You have more control over where the story goes, by picking what to say/do in certain situations (whether or not to challenge someone etc)  So what could be bad about this game??Negatives: The announcing is truly rediculous. However, no big deal. Ignore it. It's the only thing wrong with this game. Some people are WAY too critical of video games. They are meant to be fun, not to be perfect. This is a good one if your a WWF fan. Enjoy it!
3	B00005NN5L	Seeing it's been awhile since Shut Your Mouth came out, I will go ahead and give my view on this game. It's a OK game, but lacks the following:1.) Good Season Mode. (Few matches then its over....)2.) Needed better Arenas.3.) The newer wrestlers at that time when it came out should have been on there, seeing they delayed it for a good while.On the other hand it has its good sides:1.) Better graphics than SD 1 &amp; 2.2.) Cool entrances, not just a full screen then 10 seconds of your wrestler coming out.3.) Cool MatchesAnd thats about it.Peace
3	B00005NN5L	This game is much better than Smackdown 2-Know Your Role on regular Playstation. The graphics are smoother and clearer, the animation is better, the gameplay is faster, and even better: THERE'S HARDLY ANY LOADING!!! However, this game does have its cons. The commentary gets annoying after a while, but atleast it can be turned off in the options. The story mode is limited. That stinks. Plus, a lot of the matches and wrestlers are similar to the ones on Smackdown 2-KYR on PS. The moves and gameplay hasn't changed much. However, the entrances and superstar themes are very realistic. That's a good thing. The Undertaker comes out on his motorcycle to his correct entrance theme "Rollin'" which is very cool. You can create your own superstar and taunts and everything. That's pretty cool too. You can fight through the crowd a little bit, but not much. That stinks. Plus, there's no freakin' blood! You get to use weapons in this game including a 2x4 wrapped in barbed wire, and when you hit your opponent with it, they don't bleed or anything. That really stinks! Also, a lot of wrestlers aren't included in this game. Where's Tommy Dreamer? Where's RVD? Where's Brock Lesnar? Why the lack of superstars? Of course, if you play through the story mode, you can access more wrestlers and stuff, but nothing too significant. This is not a bad game at all, ...
3	B00005NN5L	I was very excited to get this and have been thrilled with it every day since.  Graphically and sound-wise it is very immersive. Plus I think it is nice that, appropriately, bigger and more devastating moves such as chokeslams, flying tackles, and finishing maneuvers, SOUND bigger and more devasting than your typical normal punches and slaps and kicks.Everything looks the way it should look from wrestlers to arenas. The music and entrances were EXCELLENTLY done and the story mode is easily much more involving than previous Smackdown games. If you are a fan of wrestling games this one is easily worth your money. Not just for the graphics and sound though. The controls are easy to learn and responsive.  Overall the game is just plain fun to play and THAT I think is more important than beautiful graphics and sound etc. All those things are nice though and we get them here. This will NOT leave my PS2 for a long time....though it may be part of a &quot;tag team&quot; once we seee the arrival of FINAL FANTASY X. With the brief &quot;advertisement&quot; aside... pick this up. It is a very fun game and easily worth your money and time.
3	B00005NN5L	Smackdown 2: Know Your Role was probably one of the best wrestling games i've ever played. I love its fun arcade style action.Now enter Smackdown 3: Just Brink It... after viewing screenshots, movies etc. i see that the games graphics have improved slightly over its predecessors (which isn't really saying much considering that its on a next-gen console). this is not a big gripe for me considering that I believe that the graphics are still top notch.Smackdown: Just Bring It will also have new modes of gameplay, the one that i'm most excited about is the abiltiy to play with up to 8 players in the ring at once. The addition of a referee is a nice touch, one that many videogame fans have been asking for. They also added commentary which is great news to me as i always love a little commentary on the side, i just hope that the commentary doesn't get repetitive quickly.The gameplay is relativly the same, well exactly the same. Not a big deal to me as i love the arcade feel of the game which makes it fun to play with friends. If you got bored of the gameplay after Smackdown and Smackdown 2, i don't recommend this because the gameplay is the same.
3	B00005NN5L	Scenario: My sister, the "Theatre Major," didn't think that Smackdown: Just Bring It, would "bring" anything...Until she found out about the 60 different match types, 25+ characters, and create a wrestler mode.  She is now sitting in the basement,kicking some serious ..., with her created wrestler.."Shakespeare." Intense graphics make the wrestlers look real.  There are many different finshers, such as: The Rock Bottom, The People's Elbow, The Stone Cold Stunner, Chokeslam, The Last Ride, The fameasser, Unprettier, and many many more.  This game has proven to me  that even people who think wrestling is "a load of ..."(my sister) will love this.  My only complaints are that there are no instant replays of moves, and the somewhat cheesy commentating.  This, however is not enough to stop me from playing the game.........or, my sister from playing the game.
3	B00005NN5L	WWF SmackDown: Just Bring It is an excellent game. ... This is a game for the millenium which truly diserves a five star rating. Now as I write this I have come back from my friend's house playing this for, let me count, about 21 hours (from 7 p.m. Fri. to 8 p.m. Sat.). Even though the roster isn't as expansive as say WWF No Mercy for N64, the quality of the characters surpases everything to its release. Finishing moves really look like how the superstars of the WWF perform them(my personal favorite being the people bounce around the ring after receiving the Stone Cold Stunner). Now I do admit grappling is a slight problem, but generally everything flows. The various matches, including Hell in a cell, I Quit, Table, Ladder, TLC, for example, will keep you playing for hours. One new feature I like is the ability to play a King of the Ring tournament with special matches and not be repetitive(for example you could be in a table match first, then I Quit, then TLC, and so forth). You can even pick weapons from inside the crowd, not just standing at the barrier. The story mode is pretty good, though I don't like having such short title quests. I also like the idea of how you can go to Vince McMahon or Commissioner Regal to ask for matches. Ingenious! Plus, as always, the CAW(create a wrestler) mode is very detailed. My favorite creation we made was Booker Wee. Plus the addition of commentary really spices things up alot. Although it is annoying to hear "that (Move) was performed beautifully" when nobody performed (the move)for miles. The addition of more wrestlers in the ring, 8 at once I believe, really increases the challenge of mastering this game, whereas 4 wrestlers is so easy to learn. If you've never played a SmackDown game in your life, the controls are somewhat hard to learn at first, but eventually you catch on very quickly. All in all, I would say WWF SmackDown: Just Bring It is a great game that will keep die-hard WWF fans laying the smack down for hours on end.
3	B00005NN5L	After being bored to tears with WWE 12 and WWE 13, I always like to rewind time and play THQ's better offerings. Here's my review-Graphics-The one thing I wasn't too crazy about in this game was the graphics. They're not bad by any means, in fact, the wrestlers move fast and fluid with lots of animation. However, during the entrances is the ugliest part of the game. I realize this game came out in 2001, but wow, the entrances didn't show a &#34;next gen leap&#34; at all. Square heads, flat faces, boxy hands and such rear it's ugly head.That's about as bad as the game looks (cutscenes and entrances), however, once you get into the ring, the game is beautiful. The animation is really good. I particularly was fond of when you pulled off a reversal only to suplex or clothesline an opponent who'd sell a move really good. All of the moves have impact which is missing from the new WWE games. A suplex looks like it really hurts, clotheslines or bodyslams look equally painful. Basically, any move in the game looks fantastic and the wrestlers actually look good in the ring with no slowdown.Sound-There's something I actually like about the annoying commentary found in this game. Michael Cole and Tazz's commentary are really brutal. I wonder why being that past games ike WWF warzone or WWF attitude actually had stellar commentary.The commentary sounds like every phrase is telegraphed in the sense of &#34;Perry...Saturn...is (insert)&#34;. It doesn't sound natural at all.The music is appropriate and I liked some of the theme songs like Dean Malenko's James Bond inspired song.The slams and such sound nice. There's no grunts that I hear and the weapons had dull thuds.Gameplay-First off, the one thing I hate about the control is that it doesn't support analog control. To some this is minor, but I feel a wrestling game should always support analog control.Anyway, the control is about the same as the previous smackdown being that square is reverse, triangle is run, X is to punch or kick and O is to grapple. The other buttons aren't really needed until you find yourself in a match featuring more than 2 wrestlers.I really like how smooth the control scheme is in this game and wish they still used this for modern games. The control is super responsive.The game's roster is the only gripe I had. It features- Perry Saturn, Eddie Guerrero, Dean Malenko, Test, Albert, Dudley Boys, Edge, Kurt Angle, Chris Jericho, Chris Benoit, Triple H, Undertaker, Kane, Big Show, Raven, The Rock, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Rikishi and such.I'm surprised this game didn't feature a better roster being that there were a good amount of wrestlers around then and this was around the invasion angle's beginning. (SDSYM has a better roster)The CAW mode really stinks to be honest. I couldn't even pick a wrestler's theme song and the options are limited.I really don't have much to say bad about the game, but it is a good game featuring a decent roster of wrestlers and some cool perks. Some things worth noting would be that it has an excellent TLC match, you can fight in the crowd...but I felt the wrestlers got up too fast. Even after hitting them with a finisher, they'd get back up.
3	B00005NN5L	These smackdown games always make me LMAO. Get some friends to play with you and you have almost unlimited laughs. Reccomended for the non hardcore wrestling fan.
3	B00005NN5L	A lot of hype for a game that does not bring a huge amount to the table. Don't get me wrong, the graphics are great and the wrestling action in nearly unmatched. That said, the commentary is horrid, the carrer/story mode is pathetic and the wrestler intros are accurate but unimaginative. Why add these features if you are not going to make them add value to the game?
3	B00005NN5L	Wrestling fans, your cries have been heard. The wrestling-game gods over at Yukes and THQ have brought you a wrestling game with more tables, ladders, and motorcycle ring entrances than ever before. Unfortunately, they had to leave some important stuff out. Just Bring It is by far the most ambitious and complete wrestling game in history. Over 30 wrestlers can compete in well over 60 match types, ranging from Hardcore to Coffin matches to King of the Ring. If the roster's not large enough for you, you can create your own wrestler with the genre's most complete Create A Superstar mode. The PlayStation 2 really does the game justice. The wrestlers grapple and brawl with smooth realism, but the action sometimes seems stiff. Still, SmackDown's TV-style presentation will knock hardcore fans on their [butts].With all its strengths, the game's faults are tempting to ignore. SmackDown's ringside commentary calls out moves that neither the player nor the superstar even thought of performing, and the music fails, too: Generic rock-type sonic patterns back the action, and the SmackDown theme is the only other song nearby-unless you count "Rolling" by Limp Bizkit. Move timing seems a little off as well, making the simple moves frustrating to pull off. WWF SmackDown: Just Bring It packs in a ton of things that wrestling fans have been screaming about since WWF War Zone, but its weakness lies in the attention to the game, not to the details. Wrestling maniacs will drool ferociously for this title, but non-fans still have no reason to bring it.
3	B00005NN5L	I have only gotten into wrestling within the past 2 years, and it really started out with the game WWF Attitude.  Despite the complex controls I soon mastered it and would whoop any one who dared challenge me.  Later when Smackdown came out I learned a new control style that was even easier to amster and brought a long a better challenge, because any one could master the controls.  Smackdown 2 provide me with the Hell in the Cell match (one of my all time Favs) and Ironman (For a dramatic finish) which I still enjoy.  Now we have Smackdown 3 and it is by far the best wrestling game ever.The graphics for one thing have had a huge boost from the days of before.  No more jagged looking wrestlers here.  Instead the graphics are super smooth and so on.  The music hasn't changed much.  Controls took a huge leap.  More combos now.  And an even deeper counter system (I was whooped on easy by my dad because of the counter system threw my guard off).  I nopw have mastered this system.The only match deleted (Besides the thousands of Special Referee MAtches) was the Casket MAtch, probably the least used (At least by me) and instead we have three new matches, LAst Man Standing, Street Fight, adn Ultimate Submission.  Also the ladder and TLC matches expanded slightly.The biggest change was the story mode.  Although it is incredibly short (4 matches at most) you use this to unlock a huge assortment of hidden things (mostly by defending your title) and thats it.  YOu fight until either the end of Smackdown or until you win a title (Which is eitehr on Raw, Smackdown, or PPV) and from there thats it.The thing I love the most are enterences.  Each are beutifuly crafted adn for once (Literally) you can preview your entrance before deciding.  Also there commentary but it OK at most.Also for fun you can edit wrestlers moves, I only did this once and that was with Big Show, I changed the Alley Oop to the Show Stopper because it's more consistant with the TV events.Over all this is a must buy for wrestling fans and any one looking for an awsome game.
3	B00005NN5Q	The game completed my set of Tony Hawk games for the PS1. It played like new and had impressive graphics.
3	B00005NN5Q	Tony Hawk 3 for Playstation 2 and Game Cube does not press the limits of those systems, however Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3, for Playstation 1 presses the limits of the system in a whole new way, because of the amazing detail of the courses. In Pro Skater 1 & 2 you would skateboard in a city where you can go into 1 or 2 buildings, now with Pro Skater 3 cities like Los Angeles, you can go in every single building it is amazing! You can play as one of 13 pro skaters in skate parks located around the world, such as Japan, Rio and Canada. The graphics have not improved at all, but the places to skate have gotten immensely detailed! Rather than doing things to get money to buy boards and status points like in Pro Skater 2, you must find and collect status points and additional boards in Pro Skater 3 (which really makes earning things seem like work instead of fun). The real downside of the game is that the graphics are very dark, not just in the steel mill (first course), but even in outdoor courses like Rio and Suburbia the graphics are very dark as well. There are lots of new tricks, which I can't say will impress you, but they are there. The feature to create a skate park is exactly the same as in Pro Skater 2, except there are different themes.
3	B00005NN5Q	With the PS2 getting all the attention these days, T Hawk 3 on the PSone will probably get overlooked, maybe even written off due to the fact that the O.G. Playstation is an older system.  Big mistake--Hawk 3 still packs quite a punch on the original Sony system.  New levels, new tricks, fast action, etc.  All those qualities are here...my only beef is the create-a-skater option is basically the same as Hawk 2.  Other than that, this game rocks, especially the airport level.  The music is pretty good too.
3	B00005NN5Q	The third installment of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater might have better looks in some areas but really it's just a copy of Tony Hawk 2. I have figured out for almost every pro on this game, there is a con, so, i have created a list of pros and cons for you to tell you what i really think of this game:1.Pros: You can choose to skate as Tony or 13 other pro skaters.Cons: You can't play as Bob Burnquist.2.Pros: New and more challenging career mode with 8 massive levels such as Canada and Tokyo to explore.Cons: Some of the goals are so ridiculousy hard to get, you are sure to get frustrated after a while.3.Pros: Create a Skater mode is still optional.Cons: No new hairstyles or anything is available. Plus, still no option to create female skaters.4.Pros: Skate park editor is back and you can choose new styles for your parks.Cons: No new objects or sizes of parks, plus no new pre-made parks.5.Pros: Two-player games still available.Cons: No new two-player games.
3	B00005NN79	I have read about a lot of people disliking this memory card, but my husband loves it.  It holds twice as much as the ps2 cards do, and it's cheaper.  What's not to like.  Aside from having to load the card everytime you put a new game in the machine or turn it on, it's not that bothersome.  It's very easy to use, and it works great.
3	B00005NN79	Well I hope this can be useful to someone but I just recently purchased a PS2 and with the lack of memory cards on the market I became easily frustrated just trying to find one regardless of the company.  All the stores pointed me to the internet so I looked and I saw all the negative reviews on the Interact 16 MB card and I imidiately grew wary about purchasing it.  But after countless hours searching online and in stores for a memory card I broke down and figured I would at least try the product and hope for the best since I couldn't save my games anyway.  Well I brought it home and being apprehensive I tried it out and it works fine.  All my games are saved and I have not had a problem.  Everyone keeps saying that it doesn't work.  Well it states very clearly in the directions that you must load the software prior to loading a game.  This is quite simple.  Insert the disk and let it start up.  Once the menu has loaded (about 30 seconds to a minute) take the disk back out and put in your game.  Then press start and follow the directions.  Once that is done it works just like every other memory card and the compression function is a plus as well.  Also for those saying the card does not work on their system it states very clearly that the card ONLY works on US systems.  So if you follow the directions you should not have a problem unless you have a non-US system.  The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because it can get rather monotonous having to load the disk everytime you start the system up but since Sony has been slacking on their production I will deal and it is Sony's loss of business.  Well I hope this was useful for you and if you really need a memory card and have a US system just read the simple directions and this card will work fine.
3	B00005NN8Z	This is not a childish game! PEOPLE ! This is another great racing game !!  nothing much to say ... BUY It
3	B00005NNGC	Graphics - Pretty good! Each wrestler has their trademark look. The ring is big and vibrant. There are also animated announcers behind the ring (probably Vince McMahon and Bobby &quot;The Brain&quot; Heenan as they were the WWF announcing team when this game was released [1993]). There is also a ref in his trademark blue shirt and black slacks (this was the WWF ref uniform back then). And when you win, WWF ring announcer Howard Finkel enters the ring and raises your arm in victory.Sound - There are the trademark grunts and a very active crowd. The music in this game is totally PHAT! Thanks to the SNES sound chip, there are excellent reditions of the wrestlers' entrance songs, from Savage's &quot;Pomp &amp; Circumstance&quot;, Bret Hart's &quot;Hart Attack&quot;, and Shawn Michaels' &quot;Sexy Boy&quot;. My fave songs are Ric Flair's (WHOOO!), Crush (excellent metal-sounding song), Shawn Michaels', Ted DiBiase's, and Yokozuna's.Control - Excellent!Playability - You have several modes of play : one-on-one, tag, 6-man tag, and the Royal Rumble. In one-on-one, you can have a one-fall exhibition match wither either 1 or 2 players (in 1 player mode, you can pick the opponent or have the computer pick the opponent), a brawl (match ends when somebody's health meter reaches zero), and tournament (if you beat all 11 opponents, you win the World Wrestling Federation Championship). In tag team mode, you can have 1 player, 2 players competitive, or 2 players cooperative. Unlike the Genesis version, there is no tournament mode in tag team, so you will not be able to go for the World Wrestling Federation Tag Team championship. In 6-man tag mode, you can have one player, 2 player competive, or 2 player cooperative...there is no tournament mode in 6-man (well, the WWF never had a 6-man championship...only World Class and the NWA/WCW had 6-man titles). Finally, the Royal Rumble match where you must throw your opponents over the top rope without being thrown over the top rope yourself (stay off the turnbuckles because you risk being knocked off the turnbuckle onto the floor, which would eliminate you). There are 12 wrestlers in this game : The Undertaker, Bret &quot;Hitman&quot; Hart, Tatanka (aka Chris Chavis), Crush (babyface &quot;Kona&quot; Crush version), &quot;Nature Boy&quot; Ric Flair (WHOOOOO!), &quot;Heartbreak Kid&quot; Shawn Michaels, Razor Ramon (aka &quot;Last Call&quot; Scott Hall), Yokozuna (who sadly died last year), &quot;Narcissist&quot; Lex Luger, &quot;Million Dollar Man&quot; Ted Dibiase (&quot;Everybody has a price for the Million Dollar Man! Gya-ha-ha-ha!&quot;), &quot;Macho Man&quot;Randy Savage (OOH YEAH! DIG IT!), &amp; Mr. Perfect (aka Curt Hennig).Overall - A great wrestling game!
3	B00005NNGC	This was quite a step from the original Wrestlemania game for SNES. This offered far better graphics, music, sound effects, finishers and maneuvers. A nice broad pallet of superstars, Bret Hart, Ric Flair, Razor Ramon, HBK, Mr. Perfect and more, each has their own unique finishing maneuver, however they all have the same moves. This was also the first game to incorporate the WWF's 30 man over the top rope Royal Rumble, but they did not include many more modes. A nice game, but it is not as good as WWF RAW for the SNES.
3	B00005NNGC	I loved this game when it was the best a wrestling game could be in it's day. It was released sometime in the early 90's on the SNES. Originaly it was to have Hulk Hogan in it, but he left the WWF to join WCW and was taken out of the game before it's release.It was like it's predoecsser "WF Wresltemania"(Snes) in the graphics department, but the last game had little options and button mashing game play. This game however worked pretty much the same way, but you had a special move. All the specials where preformed by using the shoulder R button, but it depended on where you where situated. Like The Undertaker had to do it in a grapple to do the Tombstone Piledriver and guys like Bret Hart and Ric Flair had to do them on the ground at the feet. The hardest is Lex Lugers, you have to whip him into the rope and run into the rope yourself and hit that r button when there close enough to elbow them in the face.The game was a lot of fun, there was one on one, tag and royal rumble. Every charactor pretty much was the same with a different look, but it was great fun... the next version RAW changed the moves around a bit and added some new moves but it wasnt as fun as this version. This is the best wrestling game on the SNES. Next to Wrestlmania arcade.
3	B00005NNGC	WOW WHAT A GAME.A LOT OF WRESTLERS LIKE RIC FLAIR,CRUSH,MACHO MAN RANDY SAVAGE AND ORTHERS.YOU GET ROYAL RUMBLES AND ONE ON ONE CHALLENGERS.PS BUY IT AND HAVE FUN.
3	B00005NNGC	This game is classic button-mashing at its best.  Darn fun and amusing as heck.  It will make you laugh out loud.  Definitely worth a rental, although there's not much to it.  Just punch and kick your opponent until he gets tired and goes down.  Then do a special move just for kicks.  Also, since the hip toss out of the ring is so brutal, you might want to try that too.  And knock the referee down whenever you get the chance.  Lots of fun for the whole family.
3	B00005NOFH	This game was quite good. The voice acting like the previous one was great and the story was good also, perhaps better than the first game's. The graphics were- well not necessarily BETTER, just different. The enemies were rather good, but not quite as good as the ones in part 1. Plus, this game was quite a bit more difficult than the first one with more difficult levels to complete and more complicated puzzles. There are only a couple of things about this game that I'm still a bit unsure and confused about: 1) What ever happened to the Beetle? He was never captured along with Hammerhead, the Shocker, or Electro. He just gave the Bio-Nexus device to the Sandman who later gave it to Electro and then he brought Hammerhead and his gangsters to Electro's hideout. After that, he didn't appear anymore. Hmmmm... I wonder, will he appear in the next game as the main bad guy? ; 2) Did the Sandman die after Spider-Man washed him down a storm drain, or is he just waiting for another moment to strike at Spider-Man? Oh well, I guess those questions will be answered in the next game.If you're a big fan of Spider-Man, you'll probably like this game. Either buy it or rent it. But just you wait till you see the game based on the movie.
3	B00005NOFH	Great game, graphics are utdated but thats ok. Its a open world and this spiderman ha the most suits you use. The villians were also nice on the game. Must have. This may be the best spiderman game with spiderman 3.
3	B00005NOFH	It's a good sequel to the first game.  Like the first game the controls are easy to master, especially if you have played the first game.  There are a couple puzzles to solve which can be challenging, but it's still a fun game to play over and over.Some of the crimanals can be a little corny, so you serious types may groan a bit.
3	B00005NOFH	This game is the whole reason I went ahead and bought a playstation 2 console in 2013 (when playstation 4s are already in the market). He loves this game.
3	B00005NOFH	This is a great game I wish I could find the Rare Aug 2001 Version over the Re-Released Oct 2001. They pulled the Aug version do to the last level deal with the Twin Towers. The Oct version has you fight on a Bridge for the last levl. If any one every finds the Aug version its rare so I would hold on to it. It might be worth money. The Game is great but I only gave it a 4 because Till I play the Aug 2001 version I can not say for sure witch I like better I like to play it the way it was intended to be played with the Real last level
3	B00005NOFH	This was one of the first games I bought when I had the Playstation.It had a lot of cool features and cool things.Electro was cool as the villain at the end. I will definitely buy this game at some point later on.
3	B00005NOFH	AFTER THE HIT ACTIVISION HAD WITH '' SPIDERMAN '' - I COULDN 'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE TO COME OUT .. AND IT WAS WELL WORTH THE WAIT ! THE NEW GAME HAS NEW MOVES AND COSTUMES TO UNLOCK , AS WELL AS ONES FROM THE FIRST GAME TOO ... AND MANY MORE VILLAINS TO COMBAT .THE GRAPHICS ARE GOOD AS WELL . MAKES ME WONDER WHAT THE NEW ONE FOR PS2 , BASED ON THE MOVIE WILL BE LIKE . SO GET THIS AWESOME- WEB SWINGING , WALL CRAWLING , BAD GUY SMASHING RELEASE . YOU'LL BE ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT ! !AND PLAY THROUGH THE GAME WITH SPIDEY 'S NEW COSTUMES . IT MAKES IT MORE FUN AS WELL .. SO PICK IT UP , AND ENJOY ..
3	B00005NOFH	Spidey's back and this time he's going 2 stop electro.This game is the continue of the latest psone game spider-man.This game dos not cover ever thing that was annoying but that dosen't mean that it's like the old one.The game play is really simple and short.Pros:New boss: 8.4/10 Electro,Hammerhead,Sandman,The Lizard and Shocker.The gameplay is simple with a different story 7.1/10New web attacks 10/10New fighting moves 8.9/10New costumes 10/10Cons:The graphics are the same as the last gameThe cameras are low and is hard 2 look aroundThe game is 2 shortYou can't read the comics you collect.That all you need but don't buy the game even when it's really easy.Rent the game but don't buy it it's not worth you're money.
3	B00005NOFH	The first SM game for PS1 took everyone by surprise. Who would have guessed that some game company would create a video game based on a comic book character could be this good? Sadly, the sequel just doesn't live up to the original. First of all, you'll notice that the game is made by Vicarious Visions, not Neversoft (who made all of  the THPS games for those of you who don't know, and shame on you for not knowing!). That may or may not seem like a big deal at first, but once the game starts, you can really tell, it just doesn't put you over and put together well like the first one. The control doesn't feel as tight as it used to, and the missions aren't nearly as fun as before. The worst part is that it seems like all the good SM villans were used up and they hired back-ups for this one. There's no bad guys on par with Venom and Doc Ock, instead, Spidey must now battle second-grade criminals like Sandman and Hammerhead (who?). This game could have been one of the last great PS1 games. As it stands, it's just a wasted opportunity. Here's hoping  Spiderman: The movie game is better.
3	B00005NOFJ	This is an absolute blast to play.  The first "Mutant Academy" was good, but "2" is better.  Why?  Well because everything was improved on.  Of course the major draw is the addition of the new characters: Havok, Forge, Rouge, and Nightcrawler.  Not to mention two hidden characters and two more really hidden characters(you'll never guess).  There are more costumes-each original character has 4, the new characters all have 3(except one..."she" has 4 too!).  The academy mode has been improved too.  You don't have to listen to Xavier spite each attack out.  And the loading screen shows how to do special attacks for the characters playing.  Controls are simple-the basic attacks are the same for each character and the special attacks are a breeze.  Phoenix, Magento, Storm, and Rouge can now all fly for a short period of time.  Cute-but not too effective in game play  Like the original there are some characters who are total jerks and some who are easy as pie-causing the game to seem a little unbalanced in aracade mode.  "X-Men Mutant Academy 2" is definately worth a play.  If you didn't like the first then give this one a try(it's good) and if you've played either game...what are you waiting for!
3	B00005NOFJ	Mutant Academy 2 for the original Playstation is a fun fighting game. Using the same move system that the Street Fighter games employed, veteran gamers will comfortably slip back into the controls. Newer players who are probably more familiar with the Tekkens and the DOA's will possibly look at this fighter as a step down, but it still stands as just a fun game. Of course, the only difference between this game and Street Fighter is the X-Men license, so if you're an X-Men fan and own the PS1, this is a can't miss game for you.
3	B00005NOFJ	Having bought &quot;X-men: Mutant Academy&quot; for the Playstation when it came out at the time that the movie was realeased, I was eagerly awaiting something like a sequel or companion game. When I saw that XMA2 was going to be released, I was somewhat hesitant to buy. Would the flaws of the original be corrected? What about characters and gameplay? I mean, c'mon you can only do so much with the 10 X-men found on the first game.Well, I am happy to report that the flaws have been fixed and that this game is truly an enjoyable experience. The characters from the first game are back, and the developer has thrown in some new ones (Forge, Rogue, Havoc and Nightcrawler) as well as some secret ones. They have added aerial combat and given the &quot;Academy&quot; mode a few new lessons on combos and air-combos. The gameplay itself seems to have sped up and the matches go quickly...x-pecially if you are an x-perienced player who has mastered the combos and counter and special moves. While load times seem a bit longer than necessary, the art is nice and the load screen displays the directional instructions on how to preform the special attacks...so you can study up between matches.The final verdict on this game is 5 stars becuase it is a vast improvement of the original and the bugs and annoying awkwardness of the original has been overcome and improved upon. Activision and Paradox development have done and astounding job on creating a game that is fun for beginners and challenging for players who happen to be a little more serious in nature. Great game!
3	B00005NOFJ	this game is awesome!my farorite chacter in the game is spiderman. i also like beast,prosier x,magmeto,and sabertooth.i have rented this bame and i like it! i might even buy it!this game has really cool levels. some of the cool levels are like this spiderman vs toad, beast vs worvline,sabertooth vs storm,sabertooth vs jurrnaut,spiderman vs storm,clcops vs toad,and many more.they are going to make a x-men3 for ps2! this game is much better than tekken.
3	B00005NOFJ	I read the reviews of this game and they were not good. But I gave it a try and I am very pleased with the results. I have the first game and it has a LOT of flaws. This game seems to have corrected almost all of them. Looking at it, the graphics are exactly the same as the first game. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. The first game's graphics were good for Playstation 1 standards. The biggest flaw the first game had was the gameplay which is completely corrected in this game. One thing I noticed with Mutant Academy 2 is the volume in the ending sequences. It seems to drop a bit for some reason. But the endings are much better in this one than in the previous version. And this game has secret characters such as Spider-man which is GREAT! Spider-man is a lot of fun to play. To play him just press L1 and select Cyclops to play. You'll automatically be Spider-man. I hope Mutant Academy 3 will be on Playstation 2. I was disappointed that this game wasn't.
3	B00005NOFJ	And I thought that games couldnt get better. Those x-men keep pulling me in. graphically, the game hasnt really improved abit. Still no story or movies. Oh well. Still a great game.  There are way more characters in this game then there were in the frist one including profeser x!  He is cool.
3	B00005NOFM	Tony Hawk 2 For The Game Boy Advance Used To Be The Must Have For Any GBA Owner.Meet The New Titleholder.TONY HAWK&quot;S PRO SKATER 3.Yeah Man It&quot;s Pretty Cool In That Aspect.GET THE GAME GET THE GAME NOW!!!!
3	B00005NOFM	This is truly a great game and will be awesome for those who have boughten Tony2 for Gba the reason are because the levels are much more expansive, and if your like me you memorized the Tony2 levels pretty easily. The game however has a much different setup from any of the other ones such as you cant buy decks, but unlock them in levels, then find them in level. you can buy stats ( we found out that was way to easy in Tony2) but rather you find them in the levels. the hidden tapes are much harder to get to, as well as doing certain moves on, over, or  in certain things. Guess what its a game where one thing effects another. for example once you find the four earthquake challenges an earthquake errepts, and thats the only way to get the hidden tape! Let me tell you about the other aspect of the game. The camera angle is the same os Tony2 for gba, as well as the controls. YOU CAN MAKE YOUR  OWN PLAYER! ( every stat he has starts out at at the same level, which i like) There are people and cars in this game, such as find the five pickpockets, one of your quests if you will. Choppy graphics for people, but very fluent for eveything else. (the reason i gave it four stars is the player graphic, i mean come on you see him all the time right?) Good game buy it please.
3	B00005NOFM	I bought the original THPS 2 for my GBA when it came out. It was (in my opinion) the best game out for the GBA. The graphics and sound were uncomparable. I thought that nothing could get better than THPS 2!!! But then I checked my favorite gaming news website yesterday...and I saw it: New Screens of THPS 3 for GBA. I was not disappointed AT ALL! I was Ecstatic! I couldn't believe my eyes! Not only was it the sequal to the best GBA game ever, but it was 4 player and had a create-a-skater feature!!! It was a dream come true! I was a bit mad when I found out that those features were NOT on THPS 2 (I also wish that create-a-skatepark made the cut in this game...maybe THPS 4 for GBA...they will probably have to make a GBA memory card too.) This game features 6 of the 9 places that were on THPS 3 for Gamecube, PS1, and PS2 (the places are: Foundry, Rio, Suburbia, Airport, LA, and Tokyo...but no CANADA, Skater Island, or Cruise Ship though...and nostalgic THPS 1 skateparks like on THPS 3 for consoles...but...and this is a hint...if you want the Warehouse level, go get THPS 2 for GBA...it IS on that game.) It includes the classic CAREER mode...a no time FREE SKATE mode...SINGLE SESSION mode...and 2-4 player games (games in multiplayer are: trick-attack, H-O-R-S-E, King-of-Hill...and maybe GRAPHITI...but I dont know about the graphiti game). You can also customize existing skaters and create your own...like Bob Burnquist...:)Can't wait for this game to come out. It is going to be AWESOME!!!Rock On
3	B00005NOFM	In the best skating game on the gba, Ride as 13 top skateboarders, including Tony Hawk, as you pull off tons of tricks & combos in obstacle-filled environments. There are many different tricks so this isn't an easy game to master.You can play in career mode, where you choose a character to do a certain amount of goals to beat the player's career, such as collecting the letters "S-K-A-T-E" scattered in each course. Once you complete a player's career, then try to complete all the goals to unlock another career slightly harder then the first one. Try to beat both careers on each player to unlock another course.You can also play in free skate, which is just practicing. You can also play the tutorial where it teaches you the basic tricks.You can also play 2 player mode, where you and a friend will link up and compete in several different events such as who can get the highest score.The graphics and gameplay are great, and this game is tons of fun and filled with easy and challenging goals.
3	B00005NOFM	This game is off the chain.  The graphics are some of the best I have seen on GBA, the sound is tight, and there are tons of tricks to bust.The controls take a little time to get wired, but once you do, its all good.2 beefs though...some of the levels are too cluttered and you find yourself bouncing off rails ledges staircases etc like a pinball.  also you cant choose your specials
3	B00005NOFM	Tony Hawk's Pro skater 3 is coming to the gba in less then a week. It is going to be a great game. Remember how good thps2 was on gba, now imagine that with improved graphics, new levels, create a skater, awsome new music and a wicked multiplayer mode!!! That's what thps3 will be and more. There is even many game play improvements including the revert which allows you to go straight into a manual after a vert trick(a trick performed in a half pipe etc). So now the game play is more evened out. Watch out for thps3 in early March. Don't miss out on this great game!
3	B00005NOFM	Let me start out by saying that this was not my first GBA game. Mario Kart Super Circuit was my first, and after playing it for hours on end, I didn't believe that there could exist a better (or even comperable) GBA game. I was wrong.I had played THPS 2 for GBA on my friend's handheld and thought it was great. The graphics were unbelievable, and the gameplay was exceptional. After 3 came out, I decided to give it a try. Here's how I say the new one ranks compared to the old one.Graphics: Have improved a surprising amount since THPS 2, including the fact that the skater is larger, allowing you to see him easier.Sound: Incredible sound for a handheld console, easy to listen to and not easy to get sick of.Gameplay: Great gameplay, as with THPS 2, but I'd say that 3 stands out more. One thing I noticed right away is that the maps are huge compared to the previous version. There is a lot more skateable area.Overall, I'd say that although the changes may be subtle in their own respective categories, the total improvement definetely puts THPS 3 higher than 2. I would recommend that you get this game whether you are a skateboarder or not.
3	B00005NOFM	My son likes this game a lot. He has played Tony Hawk 2 on Nintendo 64. We were worried about the transition to Game Boy Advance. We heard that Tony Hawk 3 was better than 2, so we got 3. My son is glued to it. He plays that, Mario Super Circuit (ala Mario Kart on Nintendo 64) and Spiderman (Game Boy Color!) on his Game Boy Advance. He gives it a big thumbs up.
3	B00005NOFM	This is an incredible skating franchise.  I am definately not a skater, but when I first played Tony Hawk 3 for Game Cube, I was hooked and literally stayed up late into the morning playing it.I'm sure this game is no different.  It is obviously going to be a great game.  It has many new features that were missing from the last version on GBA, such as creat-a-skater and 4 player multiplayer.  It also has incredible graphics, just like the unprecidented graphics of Tony Hawk 2 for GBA.[...].This game will not disappoint you.
3	B00005NOFM	Over the past three years, Activision's Tony Hawk franchise has consistently proven to be one of the best action sports series on every platform it has appeared on, which currently tallies up to eight, and each sequel has been different enough and fun enough to keep bringing players back for more. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is no exception and is probably the only Game Boy Advance game to truly usurp Tony Hawk 2. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 plays just how you'd expect Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 to play, albeit from an isometric perspective. In the single-player mode, you'll skate around different locations, completing various objectives to progress to the next level. You're given a choice of 13 real-life pro skaters, and there is also a create-a-skater option, which lets you alter the skin tone, shirt, pants, shoes, and tattoos of your skater. The objectives you'll have to complete include three different score objectives, as well as collect letters to spell the word &quot;skate,&quot; find a hidden tape, and meet a slew of level-specific goals that range from delivering airline tickets to a family in the Airport level to grinding specific rails in the LA level, which triggers an earthquake and changes the terrain of the level. There's actually a fair amount of level interaction like this in Tony Hawk 3, though it isn't quite as deep as that found in the console versions of Tony Hawk 3. What it does offer makes the gameplay experience a bit more enjoyable. Out of the six levels in the game, two of them are competition levels, in which the objective is to score as many points as you can with as few bails as possible in the allotted time limit. The gameplay is essentially identical to that of Tony Hawk 2 for the GBA, though there have been a few noteworthy changes. The default control configuration assigns nollies and flip tricks to the left shoulder button, grinds to the A button, jumps to the B button, and grab tricks and the revert to the right shoulder button, but it can be customized to your liking. Yes, Tony Hawk 3 features the revert, a handy maneuver used to integrate vert tricks into the middle of combos. Unlike Tony Hawk 2 for the GBA, Tony Hawk 3 has four different multiplayer modes. Horse, the game in which each player attempts to match the previous player's trick, can be played with up to four players using a single GBA. The three link cable modes are trick attack, tag, and king of the hill. Trick attack is a simple score-based competition, while tag and king of the hill are essentially reversed versions of the same game, in which players either try to stay away from the skater who's &quot;it&quot; or take the crown away from the skater who's the &quot;king.&quot; Multiplayer games have always been a staple of the Tony Hawk franchise, and the modes included here are just as fun and playable as in any other incarnations of Tony Hawk.Tony Hawk 2 still stands as one of the sharpest-looking games for the GBA, and Tony Hawk 3 improves upon it. The game is viewed from an isometric perspective, giving you a wide overview of the level around you. The skaters are 3D polygonal models that are expertly animated and represent their console counterparts beautifully. And while the skater models in Tony Hawk 2 were textured with flat colors, in Tony Hawk 3, they have simple but effective textures that bring them just a bit closer to replicating the real thing. The levels also look great, though the isometric perspective can still sometimes be cumbersome. Vicarious Visions has smoothed out the formula a bit since Tony Hawk 2, so the view doesn't create quite as many frustrating moments. Vicarious Visions has also done a great job of re-creating the sounds of Tony Hawk on the Game Boy Advance. All the skate sounds, from your trucks grinding a rail to the roll of your wheels over concrete, have been sampled directly from the console versions, and all the effects sound sharp. The game features a soundtrack of digital renditions of numerous songs from the Tony Hawk 3 soundtrack, though the selections are almost entirely guitar-based songs, making the soundtrack slightly less appealing if you don't like rock. The tracks are surprisingly true to the source material, but some get a bit muddled in the translation. With the great impression that Tony Hawk 2 for the GBA made on many gamers, Vicarious Visions could have easily just thrown the Tony Hawk 3 levels into the same exact game and still have a quality title. Instead, it went the extra mile and included an improved trick system, improved graphics, multiplayer support, and a create-a-skater mode, creating an exceptional game and maintaining the Tony Hawk tradition of perpetually creating better games. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 used to be the must-own action sports game for the Game Boy Advance. Meet the new titleholder.
3	B00005NP3Y	I'm not a strategy gamer per se -- I enjoy *some* strategy games, but also play games from other genres.  So I don't approach this game the same way someone who has mastered Warcraft does.I like this game for several reasons.  First, it isn't difficult to pick up; the training missions teach you how to play the game in a short amount of time.  Second, while learning the game is simple, there is plenty of depth and strategy to be found.  I like the idea of "unit alchemy", where different units can be trained in other skills and become other units.  But training all of your units to the highest attainable type is NOT the way to win -- you must balance your troop types.  Third, I like the asian setting and themes (the main menu even displays the 5 elements of traditional chinese medicine and philosophy).  Fourth, though challenging, the game is not overly difficult or too easy.A great game.  I wish they'd make a "Battle Realms 2".  I have not tried the "Winter Of The Wolf" expansion, but have heard that it was not nearly as good as the original game.
3	B00005NP3Y	This game is WAY FUN!  It's different than a lot of other strategy games because you can train each unit into something else, or just augment it with special powers, which is ESPECIALLY revolutionary.  I would recomend this game to ANYONE who likes PC Strategy games just because of the new way of playing a strategy game that you encounter.  Instead of turning the units out cookie cutter style, it makes you realize that they are little pseudo-people who require different types of training.May favorite units were the Werewolves and the Master Warlocks.  I subtracted a star because I thought if could've been cooler if each unit had an experience level, and it could advance into something stronger, like for Werewolves it could've been SilverBack Werewolf, then BloodFang Werewolf or something, you know?Anyways, the game pretty much ROCKS!
3	B00005NP3Y	Okay, so you like Warcraft.  No wait, you love Warcraft.  You just can't help but smile with glee as you see your initial group of little peons turn into a massive army.  You are a pro at these Real Time Strategy (RTS) games.  You know all the strategies.  If that is so, this is game worth looking, especially at the low prices selling nowadays.If you are not a real big fan of this genre, like me, it's still worth looking at considering the price.  I highly recommend you download the demo (it's out there somewhere).  It has the tutorial, so you don't really need the manual, and it has some skirmishes so you can see if you're really into this.  Try it out.I thoroughly enjoyed this game, even though I think it's fairly difficult for me.  I don't have the fast clicking fingers and the fast acting brain that some of the my friends have.  The idea is that you choose among 4 different clans, each having it's unique units and heros.  There are a lot of oriental themes here, like geisha's, monks, and samurai's.  So it's a welcome change from the fantasy-style RTS.  But like any other RTS game, the premises is still the same - to survive while wiping out your opponents.All the well-known tactics in RTS will work in this game, so if you're a pro, you'll excel in the skirmishes.  You can do the infamous &quot;rush&quot; (very early rush attacks to cripple opponents); or the Zerglings-style tactics (Starcrafts players should know this); or the blitzkrieg assault (remember to save the game before doing it).  There are many ways to win the game and many different variation to make the game fun.The computer AI is pretty smart, especially in large maps.  It knows how to use decoys, stealth and multi-directional attacks.  Graphics is okay, a lot of vibrant colors, but some of the buildings look too alike that I don't know which is which.  Character animation is smooth, but battles can be a bit of a frenzy.  Too many times I don't know what is going on until it's too late, but that is the nature of RTS.  My biggest gripe about the game is that a (strategic) retreat is too hard to pull off.  Too many times, the characters have a &quot;battle to the death&quot; mentality (probably following the samurai's honor code).  Otherwise, this game is great and a worthy addition in your RTS library.
3	B00005NP3Y	Battle Realms is, simply put, a classic. It's a great game; it's just sad that it didn't get more recognition, having been overshadowed by Warcraft 3. Battle Realms has four playable factions (clans): Dragon, Serpent, Wolf, and Lotus. Even with their similarities, Liquid managed to make them feel different.The best thing about Battle Realms is that the world is a resource. Water and rice are required to feed your clan, but there is more to it than simple gathering. Crops need to be watered regularly in order for them to grow. Horses can be collected to be used as pack animals, mounts, or, in the Wolf Clan's case, food for wolf pups. Terrain also plays a very important role; units that are on higher ground will do more damage and see farther. Unit production is unique to Battle Realms in the sense that units aren't just made at specific buildings. Peasants are sent in, and a certain unit comes out. There are a few different combinations that all eventually lead back to one unit.In the single player campaign, the player takes the role of Kenji, a Serpent Clan aristocrat who fled after he was accused of murdering his father. Kenji can choose to either revive the ancient traditions of the Dragon Clan, or continue the wicked ways of the Serpent Clan. You are given the option of which province you want to attack via a map; depending on the map you choose, you'll come across different heroes who will later join you. Skirmish mode lets you fight seven AI opponents; the great thing about the AI is that you can specifically order them where to attack or send troops. Unfortunately, the Liquid dumbed the AI down with later patches, thanks in no small part to a whiner's choir of reviewers who didn't know how to play. Battle Realms' use of sounds is excellent, and its soundtrack is top-notch. Beyond that, there isn't much to say about it as far as sounds go.Battle Realms is not without its flaws, however. For one thing, the fire effects can cause a LOT of lag on older computers, even if said computer more than meets the suggested system requirements. There are times when units won't pay attention to their stances (IE, they'll move even if you tell them to hold position), and sometimes, they'll ignore your orders and attack instead of move. Controlling units in the middle of a battle can also be very difficult.Even with its flaws, Battle Realms is a unique game that should have been a success. Sadly, it didn't get nearly as much of a following as it should have.
3	B00005NPXY	If you like monsters, scaring people, or anything Monster's Inc. then you will love this original game. The graphics aren't very good, but you have to consider that it is a very old game. Probably from 2001-2002. As long as you can look past that, this game is very interesting and fun. You get to explore and do a lot of crazy things. Jumping, collecting, and scaring, just to name a few. I recommend this game fro kids ages 7+ because it can get tricky at a few moments.
3	B00005NPXY	I'm not a big fan of platform games, but this one is quite enjoyable--the controls are easy to learn, the objectives are clear, and the puzzles are *just* hard enough to keep you trying until you succeed, but not so hard you fling your game controller across the room in frustration.Filled with characters from the movie (though the voices sound like imitations, for the most part), and interspersed with actual film clips (in low resolution), this does a good job of feeling like the sort of training Mike and Sulley would have had to go through to become scarers--after all, there could be ANYTHING on the other side of that door.Game control is spelled out clearly in a mandatory tutorial section (every new game starts with the tutorial, but you earn a couple extra lives for the effort), and the game responds well to commands. It's surprisingly replayable, especially if you have a 3-year-old at your elbow imitating Mike and Sulley, but the levels don't really feel like they were designed with the Gold-Silver-Bronze schema in mind: there's an all-or-nothing aspect to each level that seems to be geared on how many of the power-ups you've earned. In other words, you fight like mad to win the bronze medal on a level, then earn the power-up and go back and breeze your way to a silver and a gold almost effortlessly.The sound work is good, but the graphics could have used some help--I've been playing this on a PS2, and flipping back and forth between this game and Jak and Daxter sharply illustrates the limitations of PSX games. The 3D movement capabilities of this game are almost PS2 quality (it's very rare that a camera angle--which you can control--makes you miss a move or lose a life), but the figures and backgrounds render very harshly.A fun game, even if your 3-year-old wants to watch you play it for HOURS AND HOURS. It's also the only way you're going to get to see ANY of this movie on your home system before September.(One caveat:  if you haven't seen the movie, you might want to before you play this game.  The 30-or-so minutes of movie clips (your rewards for completing tasks) include several from the final act of the movie.  Yes, important clips that give away big plot resolutions.  You have been warned.)
3	B00005NPXY	I'm a guy who likes to play action shoot 'em ups and I almost fell over when I played this game and liked it. The game is actualy a lot of fun. You can chose to be different characters and explore Scare Island, Through it's many leavels. You will rarly get bored and it is never frustrating. The skill level is rather low and is geared towards younger kids, but this dosent take away from the game. If you like the Spyro and Crash games, you'll love this one.
3	B00005NPXY	This game is lots of fun. My daughter's favorite part is racing Randall. She was so happy when I gave her this game, that she plays it almost every day.
3	B00005NPXY	Wow, I gotta say... this game is pretty good. The graphics are nicely done, the loads are quick, and the mini movies clips are neat. I never saw the movie, but when I bought this game, I found out a whole lot about it. First of all, when I started playing this game, I thought "Oh man, this game is BORING!" Well, I thought wrong. The game begins with Mike or Sulley in the training area. Yes, you DO get to choose or switch off between the two characters. Later, you go to different levels of an area to scare these robot dudes. 99% of the time, you are successful unless you decide not to press any buttons. But why wouldn't you? Anyways, there aren't any BOSS levels in case you're wondering. The game is easy, I beat it 4 times, and you can save up to 4 files for 1 memory block. Overall, the game is neat, easy, and um.. I guess quite affordable.
3	B00005NSUQ	Ok now i played this game in my 3rd hour class at school.. the game is pure prefection and I am most likely going to buy it.. but why not just wait 2 monthes for Warcraft 3 to come out?But back to Hero 4 the graphics are great, and the hero is much more active the game play is smooth and it runs like a dream, the only confusing part might be how to buy buildings and a few other things, one of my friends was looking on behind me and reallt couldn't figure out what was going on..so my over all rating is a 5 but if you don't have the money for this game RIGHT now..Just wait until June/July and buy WARCRAFT 3 which is also a dream and will be god like
3	B00005NSUQ	I pre-ordered this game a while ago. I was very anxious to see if they could improve on an already cool game. I was not disappointed! Some of the pro's were, improved graphics( They Rock!), higher resolution as well, instead of waiting for seven days to get the next weeks critters you get them incrementally. If, say, you get 24 archers a week and you've already cleared out what you had, the next day there will be a few more, and the next a few more, etc... This is a good feature so that you always have at least a few troops available to defend against an annoying hero with a tiny army who just happens to show up right after you left with all your garrison with you. Another neat feature is the roaming monsters. If you are close to a monster(s) who is,for example, guarding a gold mine, the monster may well charge after you. This adds excitement and unpredictability to the game. Another nice feature is that the &quot;life&quot; towns hero's, with the ressurection magic can automaticly raise dead after a battle the same as Necromancers, but unlike the necromancer who raises enemy dead, the priest raises their own dead. Speaking of the Necromancers, they start by raising skeletons, then it goes to ghosts, then vampires! Maybe more but I'm still learning this version.Anyway, there are a few downsides. First They don't have a random map maker like they had in Heroes III. They have a campaign editor that works like the editor in Starcraft, which is painfully slow and cumbersome. I hope if they do any upgrades that they will include a map generator. This gives the game inexhaustive replayability. Secondly, this may just be me, but I wish that there was some way to limit the amount of towns. In Civ III you could choose to raze an unwanted town or keep it. This may be too problematic, but I hate running too many towns. In an eight player game there may be a dozen or more towns!Well, I think this game is really good. If you liked Heroes III then you will really dig this one. Without the random map maker I rate this a 4.5 stars. Since I couldn't choose that, I put 5 stars
3	B00005NSUQ	It's  fun  ,  But  not  as  fun  ,  Or  addictive  as  Heroes  III  complete  .  I  wish  3DO  was  still  making  more  instead  of  Ubisoft  .
3	B00005NSUQ	I've been hooked on HOMM since the very first one (go back and play that and you'll realize how far the series has come).  HOMM 4 had a totally different feel from the third installment.  Some of these new aspects are good while others make you wish they'd kept things the same as before.  Having your heroes fight in combat is really cool, and even if they die you can get them back in various ways.  Also, the new skills and class system adds a ton of depth to the game as you now get to chose what your hero becomes.  Most of the new creatures are pretty cool (although since when is the ballista considered a "creature").  The game does seem to play a little slower than HOMM3 although you can vary the speed at which you and opposing heroes move both on the world map and in combat.  I also love the addition of a caravan.  No more having to have one hero be the transporter of troops back and forth.  Also, the creatures in the towns grow at a more realistic rate, meaning new ones appear each day.  Growth is still based on weekly totals though so if you buy all the creatures for that week no more will appear till the next week.Lots of good stuff but there are some bad aspects.  The graphics, while 3D and more realistic, seem to have lost something.  I can't exactly say what but I prefered the more fantasy looking creatures of HOMM 3.  The new magic and class system can be confusing at first even to veterans of HOMM.  Castle seiges have also been taken down a notch in HOMM4.  There are no arrow towers, catapults, etc in seige battles.  There are still walls, the drawbridge, and a moat and the defenders' ranged troops occupy perches inside the castle to give them an advantage but to me seige battles have lost something in this edition.  Also, during combat it can sometimes be hard to tell who you're attacking.  I know I've meant to attack one creature stack and ended up just flying next to them or hitting a completely different set of enemies.  There is no multiplayer yet (it says it will be added for FREE, however) but this really doesn't effect me since I prefer to play alone or just have hotseat games w/ my friends.  All in all, HOMM4 is a welcome, albeit somewhat flawed, edition to the Heroes series.  A must buy for Heroes fans craving new adventures!
3	B00005NSUQ	Heros of Might And Magic is probably one of the most hyped and delayed games in the past couple years.  The wait is finally over.  After playing with it for the past few days, I found a lot of nice improvements and new features, but still won't consider it a revolutionary sequal to HOMM3.1) The graphics is surely nicer and have a good 3d look although it is still just 2d, perfect for slower computers.2) The heros are more useful these days, you can actually using them in battle.  But be very careful since they are easy to get killed in battle, especially in early levels.3) The map grow much larger, even the first level will take a while to finish.4) Most creatures are the same, following the same level system.  One interesting fact is that level 1 creatures are usually very effective on on level 4 creaters: )5) Now creatures growth are calculated daily or longer(depending on the creature level).6) Quick combat will automatically calculate the battle results when you face far inferier opponents.7) Creatures may not walk to you and attack, so be careful when walking around the map.Overall, the game become harder.  You really need to think about strategy when building up the army and exploring the map.
3	B00005NSUQ	the Heroes of Might and Magic Series are very addictive games. They [draw] you in and hours fly by like seconds. Your prescious time gets wasted extremely fast. Even though the game is very enjoyable, the way you get addicted to it makes it lose one star.
3	B00005NSUQ	This was my first PC game ever, on;y 3 years latter did I finnaly get to own my own copy (last compy would have required too many pricy replacements & the install caused a tottal memory loss crash) I've played so many games in those between years, but they were all lacking heavily. This game makes other games boring fast because it offers MORE of everything, but it still has it's downsides. I agree with the pros, though I really don't like those annoying grids from earlier games. The cons for me were the amount of buildings you could create & the restrictions that went with them (you have to give up one type to another) & there just erentenough maps & campaignes. Luckily, the expansion packs should fix that nicely. The combat & magic sound FX were cute, but other games made me somewhat annoyed at the lack of BG music. & that's about it. Technicle support is available on Ubisoft forums, patches can be downloaded anywhere (for technicle fixes), & if you need them, cheats & walkthroughs are plentiful, but even the newest of newbies shouldn't need a walkthrough on this.
3	B00005NUIR	This game is alot better than I expected it to be, I bought it for my little sister and I end up playing it just as much as she does, If you get this game, it wouldn't hurt to invest in a Memory Card because there are characters to unlock such as MOJO JOJO, FUZZY LUMPKINS AND HIM.
3	B00005NUIW	This is absolutely among the best games I've ever played in my life. It's about you as  a hero with all sorts of firearms(hanguns, machine guns, grenades and shotguns) who is trying to protect the city from gangsters/criminals as well as save a young woman they have taken as hostage. Here are the pros and cons of this piece of gold art. Oh, and I didn't play this game itself, but the arcade version that is just as fun.ProsEach weapon, be it gun or explosive, works wonderful and the impacts are perfectYou can not only get foes down on the ground, but also blow them out of the skyWhen you defeat a real big obstacle(such as boat or tank)you get a superb explosionYou can hide till the right moment and then get the bad guys when they're off guardThe graphics are slick & cool looking & you can enter all kinds of dangerous placesWhenever you hit an enemy, he keels over & goes "Braa!" before disappearingYour gun reacts quite fast to your commands, which means you can shoot a teamYou can hear taunts from your enemies, which makes it all the more fun to off themConsThe game has long levels with areas, making it more challenging than most gamesOverall, I give this game a perfect 10 out of 10 and if you like action games or any sort of cool thing with amazing backround, music and/or sound, this is your game.
3	B00005NUIW	If you've got a PS2, Gun con and a big new TV and you like shooting games then you can't say no to this, Time Crises 2 is still enjoyable on any size TV. I must of spent like 100 in the arcades on this so if your new to the series get it on PS2 because the graphics are improved and there is a challenge mode that is harder than Arcade mode such as having to take out a guy in a moving train with 1 bullet and you get to meet Richard Miller from the original Time crises.Two player CO UP is very good, imagine being on speed boats and you get to see your friend opposite you in another speed boat shooting the enimies, CO UP is best exsperienced on system lynk not split screen.
3	B00005NUIW	From the mightiest pharaoh to the lowliest peasant,who doesn't enjoy a good light gun game?Top three reasons why this one is better than most:Time Crisis 2 rewards you for playing.Earn continues,credits,new games and more.Many arcade to home light gun titiles don't give you squat.Mini games that look like they've come from the way cool point blank series.Of course the two player cooperative play.Forget about doing this game with the CPU.Grab a friend and play this disc the way it's meant to be played.Seeing your partner on the screen working with you adds mucho fun to this style of game.
3	B00005NUIW	I didn't know there was a gun controller for the PS2 until I started searching around and found the GunCon2 packaged with this game.  I couldn't imagine playing this without the gun controller, so you really should find the bundled package.  Unfortunately, the unique controller is the only thing interesting about the game.  It is fun, but by the time I was just getting into the game, it was over!  There are only three levels, and some uninteresting standalone extra games.  Hopefully the sequel will contain more gameplay.The GunCon2 design leaves a bit to be desired.  I hold the gun with two hands and found my left hand constantly bumping the pause button during gameplay.  Also the A and B buttons are up out of the way, not convenient for a standard shooting hold.  The actual control of the gun works great though, and I hope to find more games that utilize the controller.
3	B00005NUIW	This has to be one of the most fun and enticing video games I have ever experienced playing. I have not yet bought this product, for I do not have the Playstation 2 console, but I will once I purchase the PS2. When I first started playing it, I was so excited and thrilled, that I couldn't get off!There is, however, a few minor flaws with this product:-The game is short, only giving you approximately six levels.-bullets look like tennis balls flying through the air.-Difficult to hear the enemy shooting at you.The problem that I dislike greatly is that on Amazon.com, the game does not come equipped with a Namco GunCon 2.All in all, the game is excellent, and exciting!Have fun!
3	B00005NUIW	It is very unfortunate that there are so few shooters out there on the modern video game platforms.  Things have progressed a lot from the days of Duck Hunt, but I am pleased with the results.Time Crisis 2 is a great game.  It is a lot like being in an interactive cop movie, and you get to shoot the bad guys.  The graphics are pretty good, although not the top PS2 graphics by any means.  The AI is weak, but it doesn't matter because you don't have time to try and outthink the enemies.  It's a great game to just pop in the console and play for a while if you don't want to have to think.The Guncon 2 itself is sort of bleah to me.  As someone who likes using guns in real life, I prefer something a little heavier than the Guncon 2 gives me.  I end up overcompensating for the weight because I am used to real guns.  So the Guncon looks a lot like that rope gun Batman used in the Michael Keaton version of the Batman movie, I don't care because it is functional.  I may end up buying another light gun soon, so I can play the game with a gun in each hand.I'll shut up now, and just tell you to go get the game.  Unless you are expecting a deep, thoughtful, Final Fantasy type experience, you will not be dissapointed.
3	B00005NUIW	first, you can use the old guncon but you might as well get the time crisis2/guncon2 package for just a little more... the guncon2 seems much more accurate, it's got a direction pad on the heel (where the hammer would be on a gun) and an A and B button on either side of the gun. the start and pause buttons are both located on the left (sorry, lefties). note that the time crisis2/guncon2 only comes with a standard hook up with video and left and right audio rca plugs. if you are using S-video or component video you will need to get an adaptor... (and turn up the brightness/contrast on your TV to get the best response to your shots).the game itself is really fast paced... and you learn to use that duck button pretty quick to get out of the way of missiles. stages just from the first act have you in a motorboat with enemies motoring literially all around you (and you have to avoid hitting your partner). you really get a sense of 3-D movement as the game rotates your viewpoint from time to time. graphics look great and enemies react according to where they get shot (fall back if shot in the head, fall forward or to the side if shot on the leg... well animated and a nice touch).as noted by another viewer, you get rewarded for playing, the minimum being extra tokens to continue your game. the little extra games are great for target practicing and unlocking secret areas/games.if you've played the original Time Crisis, you'll love this game for being better in everyway (well, the storyline is still trite). this is a very well made shooter and loads of fun with a second gun (with a friend or you can even try it John Woo-style, but it's hard to duck). blast away!
3	B00005NUIZ	THIS GAME WAS A REAL THRILLER.  THE LEVELS WERE VERY BIG, THE GRAPHICS WERE AWSOME AND THE STORY-LINE WAS WELL THOUGHT OUT. ME, BEING A LONG TIME JAMES BOND FAN LIKED THIS GAME TO THE FULL EXTENT.  I REALLY ENJOYED THE WEAPONS THAT WERE PROVIDED AND THE MULTIPLAYER WHICH WAS ALMOST BETTER.  IF I WERE TO RATE THIS GAME ON A SCALE OF 1-10, I WOULD GIVE IT A 9.5 JUST BECUASE OF THE STRANGE CONTROLS.  I ALSO THOUGHT THAT EA DID A VERY GOOD JOB CREATING THIS GAME.
3	B00005NUIZ	I loved Goldeneye. It was for a movie spinoff a hell of alot of fun. But after that Spectre must have got control of the gaming industry because the games that followed were poor. This title still could be better. But it is certainly very good. An original storyline although a little more cutaway pieces would be good. A new cast of villains, M and R make appearences. { R could have been modeled a little more like Cleese, but that is a minor complaint.} The game does have &quot; The legendary Bond wit, or at least half of it.} for a few good laughs.The action is excellent and there are a host of very cool guns and gadgets. The racing levels are alot of fun and a very nice addition to add flavour. Good music with the Bond theme making it's appearence when you do something cool. This game is WELL WORTH A BUY.
3	B00005NUIZ	I am a pretty big 007 fan, and I have to say this game is great. The graphics, sounds, and control are good, and so is the gameplay. Agent under fire also delivers a totally new storyline and several modes of gameplay (FPS, driving, and rail-shooting).Though the game is easy if you're a veteran of FPSes, the increased difficulty levels make the game more challenging. I think it has a great replay value, too. Overall, this is a great game that many people will enjoy. Buy this game!
3	B00005NUIZ	I remember sitting in front of the tv during Junior High and playing Goldeneye. Well, this is another game about 007 that I can sit around and play all day. This isn't based on a movie it has it's own missions that you have to figure out as you go along. There are an assortment of gadgets that you can use like lasers and grappling hooks. It's really quite fun but it does take some figuring out. Once you figure out how to do it you think &quot;How stupid was I?&quot; There are bond moves throughout the whole game that give you extra points added to your total score. Also keeps your eyes peeled for an armory or secret passages. Once you get used to the controls it's a good game. Peace out
3	B00005NUIZ	After the disasters of The World is Not Enough, and Tommorow Never Dies, The James Bond Video game series is back on track. Unlike the other games, this game is not based on a movie, instead its an original storie. Though the single player mode is not as good as the one in Goldeneye, it is better than TWINE. Agent Under fire also beats TWINE in the multiplayer deparment, and get this, IT MAY HAVE A BETTER MULTI PLAYER THEN GOLDENEYE. If your planning to get this for the one player mode, you may want to rent this, but if your getting it for multiplayer dont even hesitate, GET THIS!
3	B00005NUIZ	Greatest Hits edition works for FMCB. Okay game I guess. The themese music playing everytime you take a step is annoying.
3	B00005NUIZ	Pretty good for an EA 007 title.  Rare was just that when they made Goldeneye but after EA took over a downhill trend started.  Finally an upward ride on a deep fall rollercoaster.  I thought it was slightly easy but not enough to make you upset.  Accuracy is realistic and movement is good.  Graphics are very well done but not the best I've seen.  The multiplayer is the best feature of the game and the different options available is why this game will stay in my library instead of ending up in a used video game store.  If you got pals coming over all the time and want to act out that killing a friend fantasy this is your title.  I played Timesplitters multiplayer and could not stand the controls but you won't have that problem with Mr. Bond and associates.  If Goldeneye was a 10 (and it was for its time and now) AUF is a 8.5 or a 9.  I think its well worth the price so don't hesitate.  Grab your Martini's and friends and get shaken -not stirred.
3	B00005NUIZ	Overall, I think Agent Under Fire has great graphics, and is well-thought out.However, there are a few things you may find annoying:1. The controls are different for different levels, so there is a slight learning curve.2. The levels tend to be fairly short. As you'll see, you get a bonus for how quickly you complete a level, which is based on a &quot;suggested&quot; time to complete. To me, it should take more than 3-4 minutes to complete a level for this type of game.3. Maybe this is just me--but at a few instances, I was unsure of what I needed to do. For example, while driving a tank, I wasn't sure how to switch weapons. During a fight with a major character, I didn't know you could steer missles after they'd been fired.Overall--very cool game, with some baggage.
3	B00005NUIZ	The game itself is only moderately entertaining and that is even being a tad generous considering it's age but the true value of this game lies in it's use as a way to hack a playstation.
3	B00005NUIZ	the game its self is really bad the controls are screwy it in no way is as good as socom navy seals .the voice acting is over dramatic animation is kindof choppy and the aim is awful but im sure if i was a fan i would like it besides the gameplay isn't why i got the game there are "Other things" you can do with this game im sure you know what im talking about.if you was wondering if it could do it yes it can do what your hoping it can do.
3	B00005NUIZ	First off I have to say I did not buy this game I rented it first and I love it.  I always loved the original Goldeneye and Perfect Dark and this is just as good but that is also why I didn't give it 5 stars.  The graphics are only marginally better than the N64's version and so I am beginning to wonder why would I pay 300 bucks on a system that offers little more for a game like this.  But with the graphics aside the game is still great and a lot of fun.  I will buy it just so I have the multiplayer since I don't have any of the others.
3	B00005NUIZ	No matter what, 007 Goldeneye for N64 (developed by Rareware), will be the best first person shooter for this classic series. Not only because of the high fun factor, but also because of the high replay value it has. You can play it again and again, not to mention the multiplayer mode, which is great. 007 Agent Under Fire, by EA Games, got close enough. Levels have great graphics and details, there are different modes including driving the BMW Z8 in the streets, multiplayer is fun, after you get the hang out of it. To synthesize:Highs:- Enemies have high IQ's- Cool graphics- Nice weapon arsenal, very detailed- Great multiplayer mode- Two words: Bond Girls.Lows- Bodies disappear after you have shot them- Only 12 levels in the whole game- Bond's face is horribleVerdict:You'll definitely finish the game fast (even in Agent mode), but if you like a good multiplayer game, this is the closest you'll get to Goldeneye. Fun factor (4/5)
3	B00005NUIZ	Golden Eye & The World Is Not Enough are 2 of the best Bond video games out there. EA doesn't have a great reputation of putting out great James Bond games but they were some good games. In this game you have to go after this man named Nigel Bloch & This Woman named Malprave who are holding world leaders hostage. You team up with C  I  A Agent Zoey Nightshade. Now this game isn't based on any of the movies I don't know if it is based off any of the novels. You get 2 driving levels & the car has weapons. The weapon selection is good of course you get The Classic Walther PPK along with assassault weapons.  Controls are fine the enemy movement is sporadic & it is a problem I wish they could've fixed that.  The gadgets are there & are fun to use. So this is a great game it's not up to par with Golden Eye so if you decide to play it expect some minor flaws. Next I'll take a look at Nightfire.
3	B00005NUIZ	I got this at Media Play today, and was very excited to get it.  My happiness died a little after playing it.  It's fun...sometimes, it has impresive graphics...usually, and the enemy AI is realistic...every once in awhile.  Everyone makes a big deal about the game's 12 missions, an hour into it, I'm on mission 6, and with very good ratings in my finished missions.  The problem really is, simply, the length of the missions and their simplicity are far too low.I have not played the multiplayer yet, but it could be fun, it supports the multitap.  Interesting mix of 1st person shooter, driving sim, covert missions and a kind of Virtua Cop missions in single player.  But the game is soooo short and soooo easy!  BEWARE, it's good, but it won't last long and what 1st person shooter ever has much replay value?  This one won't have much either.  Just be careful!
3	B00005NUIZ	Agent Under Fire is the latest James Bond video game, and although it is not as good as Goldeneye, the game is still fun filled and exciting to play.  Although it is very short, only twelve missions in all, Agent Under Fire is able to set up a decent storyline, without the help of a movie this time around, and is also able to work in all the necessary weapons for Bond to use for his battle against evil.  What's really exciting about this game though, is the mutliplayer.  Once again, going head to head with your buddies in the eviornments and all the weapons is lots of fun, and exceeds the regular gameplay.  Overall, Agent Under Fire is well worth your time, and will provide good game play for many hours amongst friends.
3	B00005NUIZ	This is a pretty solid shoot-em-up from EA, not known for their prowess in this type of game.  Basically, if you love Bond, you'll be into this game.  It's not your traditional modern FPS.  Why?  Well, since Bond movies are traditionally PG or PG-13, the game stays in that mode.  That's one of the few major complaints really.  The movement, the shooting, and the action are all great, but there's not a drop of blood here.  Strictly Bond shoot-em-up style.  Don't expect Red Faction or Half Life-type carnage.  Nevertheless, this game has a very impressive gun selection as well as an extra feature in your other hand: the various Q devices.  These make the game fun and challenging.  Like the films, the game features Bond's amazing cel phone which has a laser, a decoder, an awesome grappling hook called the "Q-Claw", etc.At first I thought this game was a bit easy, but you can adjust the difficulty level, and as you make your way through the 12 missions they certainly get harder but not frustrating.A big, big bonus is a great 2-player mode.  Fans of Perfect Dark (made by the same folks that made the incredible Goldeneye) will love it.  There are 3 modes: your basic deathmatch, protect the flag, and anti-terrorist training.  Deathmatch is simple--hunt the other guy down.  In protect the flag one player has to hold on to a flag for a fixed amount of time (say, 2 minutes) in total before the other player does.  But the best has to be anti-terrorist training.  It's deathmatch with a great twist: there are bombs on the board which must be defused.  Get to them before your opponent!  1 point for a player kill, 3 points for a bomb defusal, meaning you're constantly moving and hunting.  For all multi-player modes you get to choose what guns appear on the board, and there are plenty to choose from.  You also determine what power-ups appear, and you can even play with things like gravity, self-inflicted damage, etc.  It's one of the most versatile 2-player modes I've seen yet on PS2.All in all, this is a great game.  Especially if you love Bond.  All of the characters are here, and even though the real actors and actresses don't play them, they're close enough.  (The Bond in the cinema screens here looks enough like Brosnan.)  It's a lot of fun, period.  Even if you don't like Bond, the options alone are worthwhile.  The 1-player missions have you running around as well as driving Bond's BMW Z8, an Aston Martin, and even has you standing out of a sunroof shooting while someone else drives.Major complaint, again, the lack of blood.  It's unfortunate, but it honestly doesn't take away from solid game play control, action, graphics, and sound.  Oh, and on each board, there are certain "Bond moves" that you can pull.  (Opening a door with a gadget, blowing something up, etc.)  When you do them, the Bond theme plays just like the movies.  Again, a lot of fun.
3	B00005NUIZ	The single player element is OK, I guess, but I'm still waiting for these types of games to become more open-ended.  Example, they give you this great claw that can be used on exactly one tiny surface in an entire mission!  What a tease.  It is fun to replay some of the missions to beat your score.  Unfortunately, the unlockable stuff isn't really worth unlocking.  I don't mind a game that gives you all options up front, but if you're gonna bother us with unlockables, make 'em good!If you have some friends, the 4P stuff is really quite good.  Turn on either the claw or jet-packs to take your FPS vertical!!  The handicap system is quite nice for keeping things going with players of different skill levels.  You can change the speed and gravity(!).  If this had bots and more/better levels it would be a 5-star game.
3	B00005NUIZ	As a fan of Goldeneye for n64,  it was obvious this would be great, but i had no idea!  The driving levels alone make it worth it, but there is so much more!  Buy this game!!
3	B00005NUIZ	This game is the lamest game I think has ever been made, but it is still a great game none the less (;
3	B00005NUIZ	"Agent Under Fire" is one of the best bond games ever created.  I think EA has put a lot of effort into this game.  I've played all the Bond games except 007 Racing as I recall.  So far this game has the bes multiplayer yet and has tight graphics.  If you have Playstation 2 I suggest you buy the game since its the best Bond game yet.  This game has new weapons and a chance to use golden- type guns in missions.  So if you are looking for a video game i suggest buying 007: Agent Under Fire.
3	B00005NUIZ	Agent Under Fire is the first playable Bond game since the groundbreaking Goldeneye.  Although I like the N 64 controls much better, and I really wish I could make cumstom controls for AUF (there are several controller settings, but none of them are what I would like), this game still manages to beat out the laughable games of &quot;The World is Not Enough&quot; and &quot;Tomarrow Never Dies&quot;.I have yet to decide if this game is better than Timesplitters.  Mainly because I have not yet had the chance to play multi-player against anyone other than my 12 year old brother (he's good, but not that good).  But the single player is deffinately better than Timesplitters, and although different, ranks up there with Red Factions single player.
3	B00005NUJ3	SSX Tricky is a great game in many ways. One of the ways that makes it so great is its graphics. The graphics are so good that you barely can tell whether this is simulation or not!! Another great thing about this game is its dialogue. Each character has their very own personality. Examples: Mac acts like he is Eminem and Eddie is a disco dancer!! This game also has amazing tricks!! You can do front flips and backflips. You can also do some huge and sweet moves when your &quot;tricky&quot; meter fills up. I personally like to do the Single Events. You can choose from a race, a showoff, or a time challenge. A showoff is when you try to do lots and lots of tricks and get as many points as you can. Overall, this is a fabulous game!!!!!
3	B00005NUJ3	I just bought this game today thinking it was going to be a sequel to the first. then when i put it in and started to play it was only a beefed up original version. dissapionted, i still played it and had fun with it, although it was easier than the first i beat it within the first two hours of playing. if you are thinking of buyin this game and you already have the fist SSX game dont get it, if you are a fan of SSX and dont have the first SSX this one would be a better choice.
3	B00005NUJ3	I usually like to recommend games that are highly original.  This game is not, the thing that does make it innovative is the depth of its characters.  While someone who has played the first version of this game will be able to pick up and play right away, others will require practice first.  SSX tricks are probably only second to Tony Hawk's series.  In addition the race mode is excellent as well.This version has much more Over the Top stylings that help it continue the EA BIG brand.  If you liked the basketball title they made, the style here will appeal to you.The content of the game is excellent for both kids and adults, and the humor and characters will appeal to both.  A good choice for christmas.  The DVD features (a documentary, character skethches, interviews with each voice talent, etc) are a first of its kind on the PS2 and maybe even in gaming.  Although only peripheral to the game, they add a depth and replayability and allow you to explore the characters right up front.The characters are the thing that seperates the game from the pack.  Want to play as Macy Gray?  How about David Arquette (The CALL ATT guy) or Jim Rose - of the popular freak show?  I chose the red neck played by Oliver Platt (but Lucy Lieu was appealing)... and if that appeals to you, so will this game.  The original was a sleeper at launch and this one might slip through the cracks too given all the big titles.  Still the accessible and FUN game play make this game one of the top 5 titles for the system.
3	B00005NUJ3	SSX was my favorite game for the PS2 until SSX Tricky came out.  SSX Tricky has more tracks, better tracks, and more and better characters, as well.  The tricks are much easier to master with the new Trick Book feature.Some reviewers have complained that this game is not as polished as the original, and that there are problems with the tracks.  I do not think that is true, I think that there is a lot more attention to the abliity levels of the riders, and until you get the ability attribute levels of your characters up to a certain level, they will occassionally fall down.  It is more realistic that way.I cannot recommend this game highly enough.  I can't wait for SSX 3!!!
3	B00005NUJ3	By now, it's become cliche: "SSX" was the best launch title for the Playstation2. But "SSX" wasn't just the best of a mediocre bunch; it was a gripping and fun snowboard game that drew the attention of even non-snowboarding gamers. Quick to capitalize on this franchise, EA Sports followed up the game with "SSX Tricky". Some might argue it's milking the franchise for all its worth, but any true gamer will notice that "SSX Tricky" is bigger and better than its launch-title counterpart.First of all, what makes "SSX Tricky" different from any other snowboarding game? One word: attitude. The characters in the game have so much personality and character that you'd swear they were living, breathing people. Each snowbowarder has his or her own unique personality, ranging from enlightened, calm new ager to vain, Latin sex goddess to disturbing, tattoo-dressed psycho, allowing players to choose a character he can identify with. And the characters' voices were done by well-known personalities such as Macy Gray, Billy Zane, and Oliver Platt, showing just how far EA Sports went to develop these characters.But the characters aren't any good if the gameplay doesn't hold up. Thankfully, "SSX Tricky" has one of the most rewarding snowboarding experiences of any snowboarding game. Unlike "Amped", which was too realistic for its own good, "Tricky" uses an unrealistic yet insanely fun racing engine. Players can choose between two different kinds of boards, which do make a difference on the slopes. And racers can sail through the air for incredible amounts of time, allowing them to perform insane tricks.Speaking of tricks, it takes many an hour to master every trick found in the "Tricky" inventory. Thankfully, with the excellent Dual Shock 2, tricks can be executed effortlessly, almost to the point where a player does it without thinking. And then there are the newly-introduced Uber-Tricks, which are the cream of the crop, so to speak. Basically, these are tricks you won't see at any X-Games event because, for a lack of better terminology, they defy the conventional laws of science. But thanks to "SSX Tricky", we can execute these fun and awesome tricks with the greatest of ease...once the Uber-Meter is filled, of course.In terms of basic movements and turning, the controls are like any good game: they are easy to pick up, but take time to master. And gamers are sure to love something else added to the gameplay: rivalries between characters. Think about this as an example: you're a ego-filled Canadian who is the rival of a vain Latin bimbo. On the Tokyo Megaplex, you decide to do her a favor and knock her down into the snow. You smile and press on...until later in the race, when she comes up behind you and returns the favor. And she did it just feet away from the finish line, forcing you to take that bronze medal and not the glorious gold. This interaction brings a whole new level of depth into the franchise, and even veterans of the original "SSX" will find this appealing enough to try the sequel.Graphically, the game is pretty and polished, but it can't be called the best-looking PS2 game. But the graphics still hold up pretty well, even after games like "Metal Gear Solid 2" and "Grand Theft Auto III" have been released. Some people complain of occasional framerate issues, but I personally haven't noticed any; I must've been concentrating on the breathtaking racing experience to really care. Character models are very well done, and the courses are something any snowboarder only dreams about. The Tokyo Megaplex is undoubtedly the level that demonstrates just how creative the people at EA Sports can really get.Soundwise, it's all very good but not perfect. Voice-acting is topnotch, and sounds during the game like slushing show and grinding ice are all beautifully created. The one thing that might annoy some people is the soundtrack. While not horrible by any means, some gamers will soon get tired of the music, especially when the special Uber-Trick song plays over and over and over and over...The folks at EA Sports were also kind enough to include some sweet DVD extras on the game disc, explaining how character models were created, how celebrities gave personality to the characters, and how Uber-Tricks are the sweetest thing since sliced bread.All in all, "SSX Tricky" is a worthy sequel to its excellent cousin "SSX", if not better. Although some may have grown tired of "SSX", they would be cheating themselves if they don't look into "Tricky" at least once. And every other gamer out there, even non-snowboarding gamers, should also look into this insanely witty title. Whereas "Amped" was too realistic to be fun and "Dark Summit" was too weird to be enjoyable, "SSX Tricky" can only be described as too good to be true...but it is!
3	B00005NUJ3	It's SSX Tricky. There really isn't any need for me to say anything more so I'll leave it at that.
3	B00005NUJ3	hey [...] i love this game i have played almost all off the best games and i think this one is the best. it has awesome gameplay graphics and sound. if i couldve i wouldve given it 5+ stars...[...]
3	B00005NUJ3	Just a short month ago i was trying to decide if Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2X was a sequel, or just a fancy director's cut. This game it's the same story wits SSX characters and additional modifications, but fails to deliver a stable of new tracks. It raises the obvious question. Is Tricky worth the cash if you already own SSX? Whelp, consider this, even though Tricky isn't completely fresh, it's substantial enough to squash any challengers out there. For starters, the returning venues sport enough new shortcuts and cool doohickeys, you'll hardly recognize them. The Tokyo Megaplex, for example, is laden with so many suspended half pipes, it looks like a freakin hamster aquarium you know, the kind with all the tubes. Other tracks are ready made for monstor grinds. It's all creative stuff and really fun to ride on. If that's not enough to convince you, the new tricks should win you over. Mastering the huge library of movies is guaranteed to hook you hard. Speaking of that, the crazy liber tricks may be completely unrealistic, but when you finally pull one off, it's like riding a bike for the first time without training wheels very satisfying. When all is said and done, i'd be nice if Tricky were completely new, but for a director's cut, complete with informative DVD extras on the making of the game, it's darn good. At the very least, rent it for a few nights.
3	B00005NUJ3	This is probably the funnest game that i own and maybe on PS2.  There are two different modes in this game.  There is the regular style of just flat out racing.  This is my favorite.  The 3D feel of the game make you feel that you are really going down the slopes.  The other mode is called showoff.  You go down the same courses and just do tricks.  This is also a very fun mode.  It's just you on the course tricking off ramps and grinding on poples.  There are very colorful characters in this game with there own personalities.  My personal favorite is the character named Eddie.  He is the one with the &quot;Afro&quot;.  You will laugh till it hurts after hearing his funny little catch phrases.  I encourage you to make SSX Tricky the next game that you buy.
3	B00005NUJ3	Ok, this is one of the tightest games ive seen. It has the best graphics, and all the characters are realistic.  The game has SOO much detail, its crazy!  And the gameplay is the best!  The uber tricks are the best part. I got this ...[a while ago] and i still havn't stopped playing.  it takes a while to beat the game but once you do, its non-stop fun because you have every character, every board, every level, and every outfit. the replay value of this game is amazing. you will never get sick of this. and when you get this one course called pipedream,  its totally cool.  Don't rent it, BUY IT!! Its the best game. On the ps2. no, best game,  EVER!!...
3	B00005NUJ3	this is a good game for racing, but the tricks are a bit hard and the show off mode is hard to finish.
3	B00005NUJ3	If you haven't gotten this as instructed in the title of this review, let me just say that this is one of the funnest, best put-together games I've ever played.  If you have played SSX (the original) previously, you should know that the tracks are quite different than they were in the original.  Here's the deal:- Surround sound!!! (and I mean DTS 5.1!!)- More characters- Characters have personalities and the voice acting is done quite well and is used extensively in the game.- DVD Extras - lots and lots of behind-the-scenes 'making-of' the game, interviews with staff, etc.  Truely awesome- Uber tricks - if you thought the experimental was an over-the-top trick, you haven't seen anything yet- soundtrack has much wider variety, plus dynamic music system is really great.And, for players of original SSX:- racing modes are much more balanced- characters remember if you shove them and will go after you in other races!- showoff mode ads additional jumps and pipes to the tracks that aren't there in race mode, to give you more to trick off of.- Pipedream is actually fun!Normally, I would say that great sound and graphics don't matter that much, as long as it's a good game.  Well, this game is beyond awesome, and the sound and graphics are in this perfect place where they really go beyond making it pretty, but contribute to the immersive world in which the game takes place.This game just...rules!
3	B00005NUJ3	Wow!  What can I say!  I love this game tremendously!  I love everything about it!  Where should I start?I first became addicted to this baby, when I was commuting up to 4 hours daily, and had very little free time.  I needed a game that provided a quick pick up and go game play style, with a short learning curve. That's what SSX Tricky, or Tricky for short, provides.  But it is not short on the fun.  I love to play this game with my son, 3 , and we've actually been playing it together since he was about 1, almost 2.  It is most likely his favorite game.  (We play several together, including SSX 3, Gran Turismo, Burnout 2, and many others.)  And the fact that he can pick it up and enjoy it, speaks volumes about the enjoyment of it.His favorite character is Zoe.  I love Kaori!  It's kind of funny, because he believes Zoe to be a man, and gets mad when I call her "her."  When we play doubles, he insists that we both play the same character.  I think he likes it to be fair.  Lately, I've been racing Kaori against his Zoe.This game offers many levels of increasing difficulty, and at least 8 fabulous courses to race on.  I like how you can ride snowdrifts in Arizona and Hawaii, among other more traditional cold mountain get-a-ways.  When I play this on my 55-inch wide screen, and I fall down a mountain, I feel my stomach getting butterflies, because you really fell like your skiing down a mountain.  A total blast!The thing that I also like about this game is it is one of the few videogame DVD's providing a healthy supply of bonus materials, including: Behind the scenes with the character voices/actors; Jukebox, where you can listen to every song in its entirety; previews of other EA Big games; interviews with staff, etc.  Would be nice to see more videogames doing this!Two W's up!  Big time!
3	B00005NUJ3	Many have speculated that SSX: Tricky is nothing more than a re-hash of the original SSX.  Nothing could be further from the truth.There are new boarders, new courses, and new tricks.Sure, your favorite boarders and courses are still here this time around, but all have had a makeover. Like... Elise's new hair cut and the fact that Snowdream is no longer the first, and easiest course to contend with. Oh, and you heard that celebrities did most of the character voices, right? David Arquette, Billy Zane, Lucy Liu, Patricia Velasquez, and Oliver Platt just to name a few.The new riders are quite an eyeful.  From the gorgeous Marisol to the outrageous Psymon, the new boarders offer more than just replay value, they add more personality to the game.In the last SSX, you could bump riders out of your way and have no worries of reprisal.  Well, not this time around!  If you knock down another rider, better watch you back! They will remember it.  There's an agression meter that tracks how much other riders like or dislike you.  So play nice and leave the race in one piece, or play rough and wind up off a cliff.The new courses are a breath of fresh air.  And the redesigns of the old courses range from challenging to maniacal.  If you thought that the Tokyo Megaplex was insane before, you ain't seen nothing yet!Other than the redesigned and new courses, the most dramatic change is UBER Tricks.Yes, Uber Tricks.Once you've done enough tricks that your adrenaline meter is full, you can perform an Uber Trick.  I won't try to discribe them, but I'll name a few: Proper Propeller Air, Magician Air, Guillotine Air, Torpedo Air, and Near Miss Air.Did that pique your interest?The vistas are beautiful and the gameplay is sweet.  If you liked the first SSX, then you can't live without this one.  If you never bought the first but wanted to, well, you'll want to get both now.If you want the best game to hit the market for all three console systems for Christmas 2001, buy this game!
3	B00005NUJ3	Ive never played the original SSX, I got Tricky as a gift from my brother who was a big fan of the original. It took me only a couple of runs to get a handle on the trick system, and from there, I was hooked. The tricks definetly sucked me in, but the later courses kept me coming back for more.The Tokyo Megaplex, an insane roller coaster of tubes and wires offers one of the funest experiences Ive ever had in a video game. All the courses are flawless, and a balst to play too.Not to mention the beautiful, colorful graphics that really do polish the game nicely. Did I mention the tricks? Doesnt get any better than seeing your character pull and uber trick soaring down a cliff, and hearing a sample of Run DMCs Tricky blast the speakers.It is a great game, however I can't compare it with the original, so those of you with the SSX, rent it. However I urge everyone else to buy this, you really wont regret it.
3	B00005NUJ3	Holy cow, this game is part of my life for now! When we first bought this game, we just fooled around with it, doing some of the downhill snowboard runs, not trying for medals or anything.  Then, we started unlocking new outfits, new boards,new players, different courses...and it goes on and on.  My 7 year old daughter races the courses better than me, while I try to win by doing the tricks. Now we are obsessed with going farther in it, more medals, more courses, more more more!Learning the different tricks by punching in different combinations on the  controller can be a bit much at times.Sometimes I find myself thinking about the combinations at odd moments of the day, away from the game.  I know this shall pass, but for now we are having a great time with the game. It is a keeper.
3	B00005NUJ3	I know this game has been out for a while but I picked it up at the bargain price of 20 bucks.  Let me just say it is well worth it.  The game is a lot of fun.  I am not a skater but I always loved the Tony Hawk games and so I wanted to try out snowboarding.  Well Shaun Palmers game was pretty lousy but this game is so over the top it is a blast to play.  Picking up with friends is easy and fun.  I also found that unlocking characters, courses, and boards is not too tough as you only have to earn a bronz on each level to do so.  The controls are a little awkward at first but you can get the hang of it.  I would have liked maybe a control modification option because circle and triangle do nothing in the game and I think they could have been better as trick buttons.  Either way it is not too hard.  As for the level difficulty well that ranges depending on what character your using.  I started the game with Eddie and while I was mean on the race course I had an awful time finishing the showoff levels.  But using Mac on the showoff levels I got golds with ease.  It is important to level up your guys stats appropriately because the game does get very hard.  A few gripes I have about the game that make it extremely repetitive is that many of the stunts are extremely difficult to perform.  For showoff modes in order to get gold medals you have to score huge amounts of points on very difficult tracks.  The courses get harder and harder and there are less chances for big air so rail riding becomes integral to winning.  But unlike Tony Hawk getting on rails is very hard and very annoying.  In THPS as long as you jumped relatively close to a rail you could grind but in SSX you have to be spot on even if you have a rider who is good at rails.  Being so precise is difficult because you are flying down a mountain at tremendous speeds and it ishard to gauge how far your jump is gonna be.  So often you will jump over or be short of a rail.  Rails should have been easier since they are important to scoring in most levels.  There are often stretches where there are no jumps at all so the only way to score points is to grind but they are set up that if you miss the first part of the rail you cannot get on it at any other point.  This is confusing I know but it basically means that if you miss the rail that entire stunt is missed completely and you may have to ride on for about 20 seconds or so before another stunt comes up meanwhile your special meter is running out.  hat leads to another problem with course layout.  Filling your tricky meter for Uber tricks takes some doing but often you will fill it then find that there are no big stunts anywhere in sight to perform it.  You need lots of air so you have to plan ahead.  This gets annoying at times but thats life.  For the most part I really like the game.  It does get real hard real fast but if you are reallyinto it you can get through most of it.  Just be sure to use the right characters for the right events.  A create a rider also would have been a nice feature that was left out.
3	B00005NUJ3	SSX Tricky is largely just an updated version of SSX.  The courses brought over from the original game are themselves greatly improved for tricks, which are now even more important for winning races; some courses, such as Pipedream, are significantly different from before.  The addition of &uuml;bertricks is extremely interesting, with each character possessing unique &uuml;bertricks which often defy physics and logic.The main downfall of the game for me is that the new voices used for the characters brought over from SSX are significantly different from before; in some cases, such as with Zoe and JP, this drastically alters the characters' personalities from the first game to the &quot;sequel.&quot;  This is the main reason I give SSX Tricky a 4 rating and not a 5.But a very significant bonus to the game is the addition of DVD movie material.  Along with a pair of EA Sports Big promos, the disc includes numerous &quot;making of&quot; clips, covering aspects from voice acting to the concept to the music to the tricks and beyond.  In fact, this is a good place to start, especially for those who have not played the original SSX, as this provides glimpses of most of the circuits and players, and can help in understanding game strategy.  Also included with the DVD materials is a Jukebox, allowing players to listen to most of the music used in the game.SSX Tricky is certainly worth buying for the PS2 collection.  However, those who have played and loved the original SSX may feel a little let down at the differences in carried-over characters, and may initially feel quite confused at the differences in some of the courses.
3	B00005NUJ3	Sequel to the sleeper hit of the PS2 launch SSX, this is, but in many ways it is much much better.The first major improvement you see in this game is the amount and variety of different playable characters in this incarnation. There are a total of 12 this time around instead of six, and they are voiced by some very big names covering the gambit of film (Lucy Lui, Billy Zane, and David Arquette), music (Macy Gray and Ryan Wall aka DJ Precise), and of course circus freaks (Jim Rose). All of these voices really bring the characters to life and make them that much more entertaining. They all have numerous costumes and boards you can use as you complete their Trickbooks.The courses are magnificent, they are stylish, large, and oh yeah fun baby, bigtime. All the courses are back this year, but they've changed enough that you have to learn them all over again. One minor complaint is with Merqury City Meltdown, I liked the way the city was in SSX, it was a bit darker and more ominious, this version isn't bad mind you, its just a bit brighter and friendlier. I really must say I love the fog/cloud effects because it really makes you feel like you are soaring down a mountainside at breakneck speeds.Mmmmmusic, let me just say one thing here... Rahzel is back again, and the beats are way way Phat to keep you groovin' down the hill. Ok, that was 2 things, I know, but SSX tricky is all about pushing the envelope, right?The trickstyle concept is also back, but with a serious vengence. Now you can perform Uber tricks when you get big air, and if you do enough of them you can Superboost your way to the finish line. The Uber tricks are tasty as hell, because the boarders release from the board and perform some death-defying tricks that will awe and amaze.Simply put this game is super dope, ultra phat, and more fun then dropping Nsync into a lion pit, and that's saying something.
3	B00005NUJ3	I was a fan of the first SSX, so naturally I was excited about this game. When I got it for Christmas I was excited and played it first. Man, it was the ONLY thing I played Christmas day, and that means that the game is good.You may hear reviewers from magazines saying that this is only a nice add-on. It's not. Double the characters, including some of the best ever (Psymon can't be topped). The graphics are good. The process of progressing through the World Circuit is the same, but that's a good thing. The gameplay is the same, except for the UBER-Tricks. Don't listen to the reviews, these aren't hard to pull off, you just need a lot of air. You make friends and enemies along the way (I just don't know how to make friends though) and it is a lot of fun to hear them arguing. If you keep up with video game news you should know that the voices are done by celebrities. They are done well and don't get old. The Making-Off feature is fun too, although some will find it boring. The only thing I have to say that is bad about it is that it works best on the PS2. It's not a big thing, but on other systems the controllers won't be as handy as the PS2's (Perfect your game on the PS2 and then try the Gamecube version to see my point).Get this for the PS2 and be happy.
3	B00005NUJ3	you can play this game over and over again it is so fun. this is the best snowboarding game since cool boarders 2
3	B00005NUJ3	I was a huge fan of the first SSX, and when I heard that thissequel would consist mostly of the same tracks &quot;shaken up&quot;, I wasdisappointed.  I couldn't have been more surprised when I loaded this baby up.  There are two new tracks, but the carry-over tracks are barely recognizable and feel really new (save for Mercury City Meltdown, which I still hate).Graphics: Very good.  Framerate is solid, the new 3D models work well (hair and clothes flapping in the wind), and as usual the graphics do a good job of conveying the breathless action.Sounds: Excellent.  Each type of snow has its own sound; the voice overs are fun if a bit repetitive (for those who call them cheesy, I say to you: look up &quot;tongue-in cheek&quot;).  The music and commentary are again solid.Control: Excellent.  Butter smooth and intuitive.  My girlfriend, who never plays videogames, was doing flips in ten minutes.  The Uber tricks are fun and not that hard to pull off with a little practice.Gameplay: Excellent.  The new alliance system is fun, I wish it were a bit deeper, though.  This game has great replay value, since each character has its personality, tricks, etc, and not to mention the different game modes: career, showoff, race against the clock, free-ride, etc.Cons: I wish there were more tracks, not because the ones here are bad, but because I don't want the fun to ever end!  I'm hooked on this game, and so will you be!
3	B00005NUJ3	I love this game and its so fun that alps place is long and hard to finish when you just showing off but other than that snow dream is my favorite place and Eddie is my favorite guy he has loads of speed!
3	B00005NUJ3	Everyone knows the good stuff about SSX Tricky, it's definitely fun...but there are a few things that could have been improved upon to make it a 5/5 game.  First off some of the tracks get a bit gimmicky (ESPECIALLY TOKYO MEGAPLEX--WHAT THE HECK WAS THAT!?!?).  I also think there is too much emphasis on riding rails...the freakin' rails are EVERYWHERE and I get really tired of hitting the rail posts when all I want to do is SNOWBOARD.  I mean, is this a snowboarding game or a skateboarding game??  Not to mention the rails are really tough to stay on.  Lastly, the game's physics could have been better too...there's nothing more frustrating than when your character falls and then can't get up because he or she keeps banging into random crap.  Or when you're cruising along and then suddenly your dude bites it for no apparent reason.  I guess in the end I just wish there were slightly more open-range, free-riding tracks where you can cruise down the mountain to your hearts content without banging into a million stupid rails or fences or trees.  I just bought SSX 3 hoping maybe they'd fixed some of these issues, but so far I'm saddened to see it's more gimmicky over-the-top courses with tons of obstacles to get in your way.
3	B00005NUJ3	Not being a snowboard fan, or any other X game fan due to my lack of ability, I wasn't going to even give this game a shot.  Well, one of my friends demanded I play it, and I sat down for my first dose of what I thought was going to be boredom.I was wrong.  From big worlds, to easy controls I wasn't worried about being a complete "board idiot"  I was having fun, pulling off probably impossible tricks, and constantly discovering new parts of already wonderful levels.  I play this game a whole lot, and I seem to discover more, and more about it.EA, has done something special, turning a once "fad" sport into an enjoyable and playable game, no matter if you stand regular, goofy, or can't stand on a snowboard at all.  It's a very very fun game.
3	B00005NUJ3	Because this game is as tight as they come. I was real leary about buying the &quot;sequal&quot; to SSX. Well first of all it is not a &quot;sequal&quot;, not even close. Why? Well lets name a few:1) New Snow Boarders, more boards to get, more outfits to aquire. Player interaction between each other. New music.2)The tracks are updated, and have very little resemblance of the SSX tracks, and two new one's are added.3) The addition of the UBER tricks. By far the best part of the game. It is very satisfying pulling off these over the top tricks.This is to name a few, also has a hole DVD section on the making of SSX Tricky. Well over an hour in viewing. I am so glad I bought this game. I did not think they could ever pull off something this great, yet EABig did. A job well done EA, keep up the great work.......oh yeah....reader.....GO BUY IT!
3	B00005NUJ3	Okay, maybe it isn't the most fun game of all time, but my sister sure thinks so. Interestingly, I bought Pikmin for one sister, Super Monkey Ball for another, SSX Tricky for me, and then I find that they completely stop playing those games when they give SSX Tricky one try. Even my dad, who almost never plays games loves this one. But what do I think of it? Well, the gameplay is pretty near perfect, the graphics ARE perfect, the control IS perfect, the learning curve is excellent, and the game is just plain cool. Sure, some people may be able to beat it quickly with one character, but the game is loads of fun, and DEFINITELY the best snowboarding game ever made.
3	B00005NUJ3	This is definately my favorite PS2 game to date.  I never played the original SSX, but after this I'm tempted to get it.  I recently upgraded my system by getting a reciever with DTS capability, the optical TOS cable and JBL 5.1 speakers/sub-woofer.  SSX tricky makes full use of all of these improvements.  The sound alone makes this game worth getting, you feel every shove and scrape, and the voices of your competitors are appropraitely placed all around you.  The gameplay is fairly intuitive and easy to master.  Two player is great, although this game would be unbelievably great if you could compete over the internet(maybe in SSX #3).  This is a must have, especially if you like games that combine racing with tricks (Jet Moto was my favorite ps1 game of this genre).  I can't wait for more games with DTS, it totally transforms the playstation enviornment.  Buy this Game!
3	B00005NUJ3	Especially In brand New never before played condition! so glad  could get back all the games I had stolen or broken and you cant beat the price with free 2 day delivery!
3	B00005NUJ3	Well here it is the long awaited sequel to the MOTHER of all snowboarding games. And there it goes :( .  This game needs alot of work, it seemed a little rushed. First and foremost two words... PLAY VALUE. This game has little of it. There is not enough options or tracks. The dialogue gets to be very annoying very soon. Once you max out your players stats you are left with 50 dollars worth of repetition. The addition of the signature and uber tricks are a refreshing change but not worth the money. My advice stick with the first SSX. That's it from me. I'm out
3	B00005NUJ3	SSX TRICKY is probably the best snowboarding game out right now. It's just great. The graphics could've been better but it makes up a lot of ground in other areas. The characters are fun -- lots to choose from. There are also several characters and cources to unlock. The tricks are awesome to perform. So what if some of them are unrealistic? It's a fun game. SSX TRICKY offers a lot of options and great gameplay. It's tricky!
3	B00005NUJ6	Vampire Night seems like the PS2 owner's consolation prize for not being able to play "House Of The Dead 2", but don't worry it's just as good as that masterpiece...well almost.First of all, the graphics are fantastic, better than arcade contemporaries "Ninja Assault" and "Confidential Mission", which also have console conversions. The style is best showcased in the first chapter with some superb depictions  of winter sunlight on a frozen lake. Luckily, even players who [stink] at the game can get to see this! But the impressive visual style carries on all the way to the end, which is refreshing, as in some gun games, the levels seem to get less interesting. Maybe the designers feel that most players will never get any further than the first stage when playing in the arcade, so they don't feel it's worth the extra effort!! The enemies and townsfolk are also realistic and well animated, and the design of the Vampire's castle is fantastic, full of grandiose chambers, giant towers and lofty walkways, all depicted in elaborate detail.So, what about gameplay? Well, its all pretty standard, and if anything, its an easier game than HOTD2, so you could be facing the final showdown after not too many attempts. But the boss battles are better, because they display an "attack bar" as well as a life bar for the boss, so you can see how close you are to being lamped, and can blast accordingly. Some of the bosses, especially the first, come in more than one stage, often morphing into a different shape during the fight. The first boss is a particulary impressive encounter, with three entirely seperate phases to play through - a great idea. On the downside, there are fewer alternate routes through the game, which is a pity. Of course, the extra modes are usually what makes a lightgun game live or die in the console market, and I quite enjoyed those on offer here. The training sesion is, as seems to be the standard now, horrendously difficult, much harder than the game itself, so plenty of challenge there. And the Mission mode gives you a special objective to look out for each time you play through the story, such as finding lost treaure, or opening secret doors that do not appear in Arcade mode, so that can be fun too, as there are around 20 different missions to complete. Plus,you trade the special items forund in this mode at a shop, and can buy power ups and attachments with money earned. There's even a gallery of artwork and character biographies to browse through.To sum up, "Vampire Night" is a slick and polished lightgun game that lives up to it's expectations, and a good alterantive to "House of the Dead 2", so fans of the genre will be very happy with it. It's just a shame that only Dreamcast owners can enjoy the very best of the lot
3	B00005NUJ6	Well, whadya know?  I finally like a game and now, suddenly, everyone else hates it.  SIGH!This is a really fun game.  The boss fights are awesome.  You have to avoid spells and other things while shooting them in unusual places, like shooting their face.  If that doesn't sound fun, well, this game is not for you.  Shooting the boss bat is a lot of fun because you have to keep shooting it.  The way the bat swoops down and tries to seriously hurt you is a lot of fun avoiding.But don't avoid this game.  Just avoid the danger that one bat possesses.
3	B00005NUJ6	Vampire Night for Playstation 2 is a perfect translation of it's arcade counterpart. For those who have not played it, it's a first person, guided path shooting game very similar to The House Of The Dead. Unfortunately, Vampire Night also shares The House Of The Dead series' bad dialogue and story. However, one must remember that Vampire Night was an arcade game. That means it is meant to emphasize on quick, flashy gameplay and amazing graphics...and it is in that area that Vampire Night excels. The simple gameplay allows anyone to jump into the game, so it's great if you don't want to spend alot of time mastering complex controls. Although it will only take you about 20 to 30 minutes to plow through the game, it's still fun to play the 2 player mode over and over. In addition, the Special and Training modes that were added to this home version help provide more replay value also. The D-pad and the analog stick work surprisingly well with Vampire Night, so there's no need to blow money on a light gun unless you insist on fully recreating the arcade experience. Those who crave fast arcade shooting action will love Vampire Night. If you are looking for something deeper with an involving story, I suggest you get Red Faction or Metal Gear Solid 2 instead.
3	B00005NUJ6	Sega no longer making consoles?  Sega developing games for other companies?  If you'd have told me this last year, I'd have said you were crazy.  Well, it would seem I'm not crazy, as Sega is busy cranking out titles for just about everybody.  Now, Sega has teamed with longtime arcade rival Namco to bring us one of the first PlayStation 2 light-gun shooting games, based on a little-seen arcade title.  After playing the game, it really distresses me that quality this high didn't make it to more arcades.The story and gameplay are relatively straightforward to fans of Sega's &quot;House of the Dead&quot; series (which has no connection to this game).  Shoot anything undead that moves and rescue bystanders in distress.  While that is the basic premise of &quot;Vampire Night,&quot; the exact method to this madness is totally revamped (no pun intended).You still have to take out the evil minions bent on your destruction, but now you are blessed with a life meter that appears if your first shot does not instantly dispatch your attacker.  You still have to rescue other citizens, but the rescue is now much harder ... victims have been attacked by a &quot;parasite&quot; of sorts that controls them and compels them to attack you.  Shoot the parasite and you rescue the victim.  Hit the victim, and the parasite consumes the victim and transforms it into a monster, which of course will head straight for you.  At this point, it's up to you to put the poor blokes out of their misery (and keep them from putting you out of yours).  Like its predecessors, success or failure here will send you on different paths through the stage.The game's creatures feature quite evasive attack patterns, making them harder to hit; they sometimes only stand still long enough to launch a projectile at you that you must shoot away to keep from losing a life point.  The bosses, which are introduced to you one by one in the game's cutscenes, are well-designed and feature unbelievably detailed animations and deadly (albeit still pattern-based) attacks.  But the big difference from earlier titles is how mobile the bosses are now.  They duck behind obstacles so you can't hit them, they transform ... anything and everything to squash you flat.Graphically, the game is beautiful.  Stages are dank and dark, with subtle details throughout.  Character animations are fluid, and don't spew blood everywhere (which would explain the game's T rating instead of &quot;House of the Dead&quot;'s M).  Musically, &quot;Vampire Night&quot; sounds like a cross between Castlevania and obscure (but excellent) PSOne light-gun game Elemental Gearbolt.Some of the bosses and victims require spot-on accuracy.  Lucky for you, the game supports the industry standard for light-guns, Namco's Guncon 2, as well as its PSOne sibling, the original Guncon.  Guncon 2 users can take advantage of the many accessory buttons on the gun to reload as needed (the old reliable shoot-off-the-screen reload works too).Fortunately, there's not just the arcade game.  &quot;Vampire Night&quot; combines the best of both manufacturers (Namco and Sega) to put together a very replayable game.  It has Namco's totally-new Original mode, combined with Sega's training modes, which help you learn all the new tricks of the game.Right now, Namco is 2-for-2 in releasing exceptional light-gun games for the PlayStation 2.  First, their own &quot;Time Crisis 2.&quot;  Now, they present one of the best joint venture games to come along in ages.
3	B00005NYZ7	First and foremost,if you are one of those die-hard,extremely serious,Final Fantasy obsessed,couldn't laugh even if my life depended on it RPG players,then don't play this game as it will confuse and destroy your narrow,closed-mind.But if you like to have fun when you play video games,appreciate something original and like to laugh;then check this one out!Okage:Shadow King is truely a unique RPG set in a "Tim Burton's Nightmare Before Christmas" type enviroment.From the very start, the nature of this game is light-hearted and extremely humorous.This RPG is the story of a young,insecure boy named Ari that no one seems to notice(downright ignore in certain parts!)Regardless of what you say or how you feel,people will pretty much just tell you what to do and how to be,all the while ignoring your responses(does any of this sound familiar to you in your life??)All of this changes for the quiet boy the day his zealous,nutty-professor type father shows him his cursed lamp that holds the "Evil King Stan"!Stan is a shadow monster who can only exist in the outside world by posessing a person's shadow.However,the shadow must be from a person who could "easily get lost in someone else's shadow"!Naturally Ari is the perfect canidate as he is never noticed and has next to no self-confidence.Stan however is hardly a "monster",in fact everyone he tries to scare just finds him "cool",or even "cute" by the girls.Stan being the self-proclaimed terror that he is,won't rest until he and Ari(his "slave" as he calls you)find the cause for his loss of horrific,dark power.The storyline for this game is just great,and I could really feel for Ari being so overshadowed.However this is all done in a humorous manner,and everyone,even the "villains" deliver some lines that are really funny(my personal favorite is from Ari's younger sister:"Mom gave me a book she reads to help me out with my first date tonight.What's it called?"Controling Men Made Easy!")The characters are very intresting esp. in their outer appearance.The whole game,even with the random enemies you fight,is created with a trippy,but very appealing artistic style.The gameplay is very typical and very easy to get the hang of, but that's not to say that it's boring.Both kids and adults will have fun with Okage.The soundtrack was pretty good,sometimes a little goofy,but never annoying.My favorite track was when the game first opened up with the bagpipes at the title screen!I think 90% of the people who would play this game would have fun with it and enjoy it alot,esp if you had fun with the Super Nes RPG "Earthbound".It's funny,quirky,kinda off-beat but strangely addicting and alot of fun.To me Okage is a great break from certain RPG video games that take themselves SOOOOOOO seriously(cough!Final Fantasy-cough!)This is a game that you can play while relaxing in your favorite recliner and munching on the junkfood of your choice!Enjoy it,laugh and have fun....isn't that what video games are supposed to be about??
3	B00005NYZ7	I have a lot of respect for this game; it is my favorite one (but a few others come very close).My uncle gave this to me (along with a few other obscure games), and it was instantly addictive. My friend and I became obsessed with it--comparing everything to it, even random objects, not just other games.This is definitely worth the money.It is quite unusual for a plot: but one thing I love about this game is the way they do it. They start it off like a story book, and continue with the story book feel after the beginning, but not in an intrusive way. There is an occasional narrator, and the story is technically extremely cliched. It is about a boy winning over a girl with charm and power. However, he did not plan for this. It basically happened to him and he had no control over it. He becomes overshadowed by his own shadow, and that's often what I say to describe the game. It perfectly explains the game's irony.Along the way, the boy meets a lot of people, and saves a lot more people, just like a fairy tale. Except this is more of a modern day fairy tale, I suppose.The people in this game are simply infectious--they have qualities that are unspeakably outstanding, and they all interact very interestingly with each other. The only problem with the characters in this game is that they are so wonderful that I now hold the characters of a game as a very important aspect of it. And no characters have ever been able to live up to the ones in Okage, in my opinion.The side quests are very intricate and fun. They are far from simple, but they aren't so hard that you would need to use a walkthrough to finish them.The graphics are average for its time, but that's not exactly the point of them. They are cute, and really fit with the theme of the game.The fight sequences are turn based, and very standard. They are also decently challenging considering I'm an experienced gamer. The enemies are adorable and the attacks, weapons, and magic abilities are pretty normal. The fighting is not outstanding, basically. And this would not be a problem for me if they weren't so inescapable. You will fight a lot more enemies than you need to, and you can't avoid it. That is my only complaint about this game. But sometimes Stan (your shadow) will save you from another repetitive battle by instantly annihilating all of the enemies (oh and that part is REALLY fun when it happens to occur during a boss battle!).The game has surprisingly unexpected plot twists, and I say this because of how innocent the game is, and how predictable the overall plot is.In addition to Stan killing all of the enemies in a battle in one fell swoop, this game is stuffed with little quirks that make it all the more praiseworthy. For example, you get to react to what people say, and establish friendships that change the way certain things happen. They are a little out of the way, and very subtle, but it's cute nonetheless. And there are a handful of random noteworthy things like that in the game.Overall, this is not my favorite game because its graphics are surreal. It's not my favorite because the battles are cool and interesting. And definitely not because it's perfect. But in my opinion, the flaws in this game (other than the frequency of the battles, which I really don't mind, personally) combine so well with the strengths of it that they don't seem like flaws at all.**Bottom line: this game isn't something that people who are more mainstream FPS players would be into. But if you're reading these reviews, you probably don't fall into that category anyway. It is a bit difficult to put into words exactly why I love this game so much, but I believe that it is beyond incredible. I very highly recommend it to all of my friends--and I have never once heard a single complaint from them.
3	B00005NYZ7	This game really leaves you w/ a sense of accomplishment the more you figure out and the farther you get. You grow stronger and pick up new friends. I did happen to get stuck and miss something important, not have the guide, look online, realize I had to go back, got lost, and I REALLY didn't want to restart the dungeon and re-travel the ghost roads!! I re-rented this game 2 or 3 times and i really liked it, but i got frusterated and never bought it. i reccommend it if you do everything in order and follow the guide! Then it's SO much fun.
3	B00005NYZ7	The music is awesome, the characters are in depth, the story is awesome, and the gameplay is fun. Really not any bad things about it. Pick this up, it is a must have.
3	B00005NYZ7	A completely strange, and completely boring RPG that has abseloutely no redeeming value.  I highly suggest you avoid it.  It may bite you.
3	B00005NYZ7	Okage: Shadow King is a terrific game in that it breaks the usual "boy saves the world + girl from evil" formula we've been seeing for the past few years in console RPG's.  It also boasts some of the most impressive visual styling (paying more than a little homage to Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas) and funniest dialog in any RPG within memory.  Still, there are a few problems.The story is that you are an average boy who gets trapped into becoming the host of an evil being from the past in order to save your spoiled sister from the dreaded "Pig Latin Curse." Anyways, this evil being, who is named Stan, takes possession of your shadow and orders you out into the world with dreams of conquest.  This may not seem like the setup for a comedic RPG, but Okage is very lighthearted and has more than it's share of funny moments.  You meet some very colorful characters along the way and the way they react to Stan leads to some very interesting situations.The problem with Okage lies with its battle system.  It is very simple and battles themselves are not all that entertaining.  It makes me wonder why the developer chose to make an RPG out of this game instead of an action/adventure.  A dungeon crawler like Dark Cloud or Zelda seems more appropriate.  Also, the load times are unacceptable given the graphical complexity of this game.  Despite being very visually inventive, the polygon counts are low so there is no excuse for 10 second load times.  This is especially noticeable in towns when you have to explore houses and even going from one room to another incurs a massive wait for loading!If you're looking for something different Okage will provide you with a fun experience, but expect a little tedium to accompany it.
3	B00005NYZ7	Great game..better story than most...great graphics for the time! arrived in less than 5 days and was a reasonable price..thought it was going to be a new copy and it ended being a little bit used..Cd is pristine though!
3	B00005NYZ7	I myself, am a very hard core RPG player. I've played all sorts ranging from Final Fantasy all the way back to Chocobo's Dungeon. I felt I needed a break from serious RPG's, so I descided to give Okage here a try.Okage is a very different game, that doesn't resemble any game made. If I could describe it, I'd say that its a great game overall. With a very complex battle system, hillarious scripts and charactors, and the most bizarre magic, this is an awsome game!! It also has EXCELLENT graphics and unbelievable enviornments!!The battle system is somewhat real time fighting, and mixed with a wide variety of maic and special moves. I enjoyed fighting and gaining levels to gain new attacks.The story is divided into seven chapters, each with a fake evil king to destroy. You are a young boy Ari, who gets possesed by your shadow, and your on a quest to help regain the Evil king Stan's(shadow) power and release him from your world. A lot of twists are in the game to, and its just one of those sit back and have fun types of games.Okage is one of the greatest games for the PS2, and if RPG fans want a good RPG, I'd reccomend this one.Email me if you have any questions
3	B00005NZ1G	this game is by far better then goldeneye i own both and goldeneye was great for it`s time but this is the 21st century here! you can drive a tank or a armored vehicle that has a gun and if you have two controllers one person can drive and the other can man the gun or if you don`t do two player then an AI bot will man the gun for you. I havent driven the tank yet but i am sure it is great! you can only carry two wepons at once because microsoft wanted to make it realy realistic but that is plenty of guns. I got this as my first xbox game and i love it! i would recoment this to anyone if they were of age (the esrb rating).
3	B00005NZ1G	This is nominated for Chris's Xbox Game of the Year. It's so coool that you would catch a cold from a stray bullet. It's Halo: The Game of all Xbox Games. I only made it past Level 1. I can't beat level 2. Level 1 is called the Pillar of Autumn. You start in what they call a cryo-tube. You were made by some scienctists and you were made to save the world. 1st you have to do all of this testing stuff. 2nd the enemy break in the upper level room. They kill a scientist up there. After that will run with the scientist to safety. Don't run with him for too long or else you will get injured. Whoops! I got a little carried away there. Anyway it's a great game and you should try it before you buy it. Rated M for Mature.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is the game that set a standard for all other FPS games  to follow. The graphics may be somewhat dated, but the gameplay still holds strong. The usual XBOX FPS controls that you are familiar with today most likely originated from Halo in some (if not most) ways. If there are any real flaws in this game, I'm still trying to find them (I might think of one near the end of this review, but the chances don't look too good). It is also hands down my favorate split-screen multiplayer game, in story co-op and death matches (aside from Halo 2 anyway).The story takes place around an artificial, ring shaped world called Halo, where most of the game is played. Humanity is at war with an alliance of alien races called the Covenant who consider Halo to be holy. The story is very good for the most part, though a war between humans and aliens isn't exactly a completly original setting, but I was constantly pressed through the game to find out more about the mysterious ring world (aside from the game just being darn fun). In the levels that take place on Halo, you can look up at the sky and see the other side of Halo looming over your head, giving you a strange feeling at the thought of your standing on the inside of a giant ring.You are Spartan 117- a super soldier with special armor allowing you to take more punishment than any other marine on the battlefield (you will be fighting alongside many human marines most of the time). You also have an energy shield rather than actual health in a sense. If you take a hit, the shield will lose power slightly. If your shield gets taken out completly, you can be killed with a few well placed shots, but if you can find cover and keep from being hit for about five seconds your shield will recharge. This keeps the action going without wasting time wandering about the map searching for a health kit or something like that, while at the same time not being too generous about the power of your shield, leaving the challange AND keeping things going. Because this breed of super soldiers is in short supply, your allies will always be thankful to see you coming to stop the Covenant forces. This doesn't mean that your allies will just hunker down and let you do all the work though; they really seem to fight harder when you show up, and they are very good at it too. They throw grenades, use cover, man vehicles, ect.Level design is good, and the levels are each massive, though it would be nice if they didn't repeat a few of the levels for seperate missions, but that's still not enough to throw me off. Checkpoints placed throughout each mission keep you from having to start all over every time you die and there are usually multiple paths to victory in the more wide open missions (actually, they're all like that).The controls are perfect and very easy to get used to. You will never find yourself constantly looking down at the controler trying to figure out why you just blew away your troops with a grenade when you were trying to jump (unless you play The Elder Scrolls III Morrowind anyway...) or having to hold combinations of different buttons. Vehicles control amazingly well too (better than in some racing games).The graphics were better than any other game ever made when Halo was first released four years ago. Much of it is still good compared to other games that came long after it, but character models are a little chunky looking and some environments look bland, but it's still not nearly bad enough to make me like Halo any less. Explosions and gunfire still look nice.Now for the things you'll experiance in-game.The weapons are plentiful and there are no copys of other weapons, forcing you to actually choose the right weapons for the situation rather than just grabbing the one that looks coolest. You can pick up any weapon you find lying on the ground in game (including Covenant weapons), but you can only carry two weapons and four of both type of grenade at a time, so you must carefully choose which weapons will go and which will stay.Human Weapons:Pistol- The human pistol is a handy weapon to have around in situations where you need an accurate shot at medium range... because of it's cute little scope. It may not do too much damage, but I always seem happy with one when I get one and it seems very popular all around (one of my friends killed one of our own men just because he wanted his pistol in 2 player co-op...) And it has a cool melee attack to top it off.Assault Rifle- This will be your best friend for much of the game. It holds a large amount of ammo and it is clearly displayed on a small screen on your rifle allowing you to keep your gun filled while keeping your eyes on the action. It is also accurate at medium range and packs a nice punch. Great weapon all around.Shotgun- As typical with shotguns, it is very ineffective at long range but can take out just about anything with one good blast when you get right up to them.Sniper Rifle- Deadly at long range with a double-zoom scope and can take out most units with one head shot or two shots to any other area on the body. However it only carrys 4 shots at a time, so you'll have to make your shots count or else your target may hide while you reload.Rocket Launcher- Umm... well, it's a rocket launcher... annnd it launches rockets. Yeah. They make big explosions and send enemys and vehicles flying in all directions, as rocket launchers tend to do. Unlike rocket launchers in most other FPS games however, this rocket launcher holds TWO rockets rather than one, giving you a second chance if you miss the target, which you'll be doing a lot, as it doesn't have any homing capabilities, forcing you to time the shot very well and estimate the range of the target and where it'll be when the rocket hits. Challanging, but it is all the more satisfying when you tag a speeding enemy vehicle with a missile.Fragmentation Grenade- The human grenade is just like the ones used today; pull pin, throw, explodes about 2 seconds after it hits something. Thus, this is a weapon that you will hold sacred, as this little pineapple 'o doom will save you many, many times from swarms of alien foes. And grenades aren't something that you have to cycle over to; the grenade button in Halo makes games that do not have one seem horridly slow and painful.Covonent Weapons-Plasma Pistol- A small pistol that fires ultra heated plasma bolts used by the Covenant. It can fire rapidly (only a quick trigger finger requiered) or you can charge up a powerful shot that will cause a good amount of damage, but will also cause it to overheat and be unable to fire for a few seconds.Plasma Rifle- Rapidly fires plasma bolts and mildly stuns the target if it takes multiple hits. It is also fairly accurate at a range if fired in short controled bursts.Needler- You'll either love this weapon more than any other or hate it more than your actual enemies. The needeler is the only Covonent gun that doesn't overheat. It fires pink, glass like spikes that move very slowly, but home in on any enemies that they come near. On impact with a target, they stick into it (think getting shot with a little pink, transparent arrow) and explode after a few seconds. One shot doesn't do much damage, but if you pile them up onto a target they will all explode at once and send the target flying through the air.Plasma Grenade- The Covenant plasma grenade is very different from the human frag grenade. The frag grenade is just thrown into groups of enemies, while the plasma grenade is aimed. When it lands on a target, it sticks and garuntees a kill (save for Hunters). It doesn't do much nearly as much damage if it just lands on the ground however.The AI is very good, finding and using cover when necessary and react realisticly to the constantly evolving situations in combat. As the Covenant is an alliance of multiple alien races, you will be fighting four very different varients of Covenent forces (actually, you will also encounter another race of alien adversaries later in the game, but trying to explain that would spoil the story! ;) and each one plays a key role in combat. They are listed below:Grunt- As the name says, these guys are not very powerful, just grunts. They are short, bulkey little guys with a strange pointed hump for a back that rises above the back of their heads (I can't decide if this is actually part of their bodies or just a piece of their suites) and are really more of annoyances than actual threats (although if they stick you with a plasma grenade, you can kiss your butt goodbye). They are normally in small groups of three or more grunts, or led by an Elite. But if their forces are thinned or if the Elite they're being led by gets killed, they will panic and start running around screaming at the top of their little lungs. When this happens, just track 'em down and whack them with your gun a few times.Elite- Elites are the backbone of the Covenant forces. They have energy shields that work just like yours and have very powerful melee attacks. They can often be seen leading grunts into battle. In combat they are generally hunched over some, but standing at full height an Elite is defenatly 7 feet tall.Jackals- These aliens go into battle with a shield and plasma pistol. The shield is held in front of them, like conventional ancient shields, though it is an energy shield. They will usually hold their ground and getting through their shields can be a challange.Hunter- These are massive enemies that can only be killed by shooting their small weak spots in their armor many times. They have a deadly fule rod cannon attached to their armor (the only weapon you cannot use) and will use a melee attack that will send you flying if you get too close.The vehicles include:Human:Warthog- a three passanger buggy (driver, passanger, maingunner)Scorpion Tank- A large... tank. Has big gun and machinegun.Covenant:Ghost- A small hover-bike of sorts. Has rapid firing laser cannons.Banshee- The games only usable aircraft. One passanger, armed with fule rod cannon and lasers similar to those on the ghost.Overall, Halo is a wonderful FPS that is polished to prefection (nope, I still haven't thought of a problem with it). If you're looking for better graphics, try Halo 2 (I like multiplayer better in Halo 2 better anyway, though I like the single player story in Halo better than that of the second)! Even If that's the case, you still will probibly want to play through Halo to better understand the story elements. A very, very good game.
3	B00005NZ1G	When's the last time you player a first person shooter? When's the last time you felt like you were in the action as it was happening. Halo does this by creating a sense of realism with it's amazing graphics and gameplay.One of the coolest features is the cooperative play mode, which I haven't seen ever in a FPS, where you can play the whole game along with the help of a friend. Very fun.
3	B00005NZ1G	its not THAT good,its just Xbox's little rescuer from becoming a dead system.(But it is still a very good game!)
3	B00005NZ1G	Normally, one game every 5 yrs come out re-defines the standards for future games. Ever since the previews of Doom 3 blew away most gamers with its graphics and level-design, a lot of gaming enthusiasts began wondering if there ever would be another game that would match Doom 3. This I say, w.r.t both PC and console. But a game developing studio called Bungie, quietly entered into the fray and released Halo as the flagship of XBOX in 2001.And the rest, they say........ is history.Now Doom3 might have to set itself gainst Halo.Halo is unlike most other games you might have played so far. Agreed it is an First-Person-Shooter (FPS), meaning, you get to play themain protagonist from your visual perspective. Any FPS will have the same basic characterisitics--Move, Aim, Shoot, Reload etc..And the cycle repeats. But Halo takes FPS one step higher. It gives you enough freedom to engage your enemy in a myriad number ofways, without ever losing sight of your objective.  Much like GTA3, but with a more focussed theme. Hosting destructible environmentsincrediblly mobile vehicles, mind-bending graphics and some really smart-ass enemy, Halo is now the pinnacle of 3D programming.Story...To keep it short....500 yrs down the line,  Humans are forced to seek other planetary systems for colonization owing to their vast andunmaneagable numbers on Earth.  A mysterious alien race dubbed the Covenant, wipes out one the colonies called Harvest and threatens to draw closer to the Solar system. As a result, research into the Spartan-II 'super soldiers' program assumes greater significance on planet reach.But the Covenant is the first to draw the sword and ultimately obliterates Planet Reach and the program.The only undamages ship called 'The Piilar of Autumn' ,housing the final Spartan-II soldier-- the Master-Chief, i.e you, makes a blind warp jump into space, hoping to lead the Covenant armada away from Earth. You finally arrive to an uncharted part of the Universe wherein you make an emergency landing on a mysterious planet sized-ring called Halo. What is Halo? Why is it here?. Who built it and for what? And why is the Covenant so desperate to seek out the secrets of Halo?...is what the you have to find out. That is your mission throughout the game.Graphics:The very definition of surreal.. Simply put.....stunning!. It is a visual treat. Games with stories like this tend to have very gloomy and dark environments, but not so Halo. It perfectly combines lush outdoors with extremely claustrophobic indoor environments. Very much like Serious Sam. The lighting and in game-physics is truly magnificent. Take for instance your shadow, which moves when an external light source falls on you and the undulating shadows it can cast on the surface if you are say, near water. The landscapes are astonishing, with precise rendering of different textures to various elements of the game like buildings, constructs, enemy etc. The world of Halo puts movies like  Star Trek and Star Wars to shame.The characters are so beautifully detailed that if you are inconspicuous enough, you can veiw how life-like they are....Magnificient.Gameplay:Along with the graphics, this is where Halo sets new standards. As the Master-Chief, your blood may be thicker than your fellow Marines, but the enemy views you just the same and believe me, the game isn't easy. Rather than allowing you to carry the entire arsenal, Halo allows you to carry just two, at any given time. Hence you need to strategize. Is your approach going to be stealth based or like a raging bull. The vehicles are diverse and downright gorgeous. The Marine vehicles include the superb cross-country Warthog, the indestructible Scorpion Tank while the Covenants have the ground hovering Ghost and the flying Banshee.Another innovation is the use of a single button on the XBox controller for 3 different actions, such as reloading, weapon change and vehicle mounting. The console controller really complements the games' actions and makes the gameplay much simpler.Level Design:Another real standout. The outdoor environments are vast and beautifully detailed. Driving your Warthog or Ghost will be a treat. Since the action is on Halo, you will always see its distinctive ring as you move your gaze over it and ultimately you see it ending at you. A breathtaking sight, truly.I must say that though the levels are well planned, the only downside is that some come out to be a bit repetitive. The indoors actually, because some feel the same. In the course of the game you would have to back-track levels of an entire chapter!.However, the story and the action saves it from being tagged as 'repetitive'. This minor blemish should hardly be considered when u buy Halo.Sound:The Music is award winning. The Gothic chants are superb and instantly recognizable.. Throughout the game, the music tempo changes with the situation you are in. Voice-acting is flawless and the sound variety is immense. Bungie has now released stand-alone music Cd's that are now amongst the industry's best-selling. Take time to listen to the tunes in the game. U'll love it.Summary:Dont let me fool you into thinking that Halo is the greatest...best...brightest...or whatever game it is. It really depends on your taste. An RPG fan will not even take a first look at FPS games and like-wise. Halo is serious stuff, with very little humour and NPC interaction. You might say that you've seen better gameplay and storyline. But objectively speaking, there is true brilliance in Halo. It cannot be touched by ano other game in terms of graphics  except by Ninja Gaiden, which is on equal terms. A taut, gripping story bundled with jaw-dropping graphics and mersmerizing music is all you'll need to make a movie actually. Halo has two more things to better a movie. It has the XBOX...and it has you...... the Master-Chief. Start playing!....
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought this game to complete my halo collection. The game is great for the price! I would recommend it to all!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is an excellent game, without question the best game on the Xbox, without a doubt the best first person shooter ever, on any system,  and quite possibly a contender for best game ever.  Am I being over-the-top.  Perhaps.  But not since Metal Gear Solid (the original, on the Playstation), have I been so immersed in a game.  The story is fantastic, with a twist that will shock you.  And the story evolves in real time, as you play, as opposed to those irritating cut-scenes that have dominated so many games recently.  The AI is super-intelligent, with the non-player-characters (NPC's for short) reacting realistically to your actions, friend and foe alike.  I would (and did) buy the Xbox just to play this game.  No regrets.
3	B00005NZ1G	To start this review, let me say that I DON'T own an XBOX or this game. I've played this game at a friends house or at Best Buy. At Best Buy I've played this game for fourty-five minutes without noticing it. That's how much I love this game!Most of the games I play are either third-person (Max Payne) or first, like this. Medal of Honor: Allied Assault was my favorite until I played this game. I've also never been enough of a nut to find out how long it takes to beat the game, that defeats the purpose of just trying to have fun with the game.The action is unrelenting, blasting aliens on their own homeplanet of HALO. You are the only armored "Master Chief" and although you play with other non-armored troops, they seem to be either idiots, or they leave you to do all the hard work. You go on countless missions by yourself, leaving them to be killed by the time you get back. You can also kill them yourself.You seem to have all of the advantages: Among them awesome firepower with the ability to carry a hell of a lot of ammo, the ability to use alien weapons, and best of all, a shield that actually recharges itself. You also have a voice in your helmet, a AI program telling you what to do and what your objective is. The vehicles are awesome too, the US Army could learn some lessons from this game. There's the 4x4 Warthog which is my favorite, the Scorpion tank, and a couple of alien crafts.Control wise, it's incredibly smooth. It's a truly awesome game that I really can't find any fault with!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game will always be one of the best fps games ever created. It's ridiculously fun, providing hours and hours of gameplay.
3	B00005NZ1G	Need I say more?  This game started it all! the storyline is great and the game play is awesome.  I bought this game when it first came out and still play it to this day.I do recommend to play with a friend, it adds to the experience.
3	B00005NZ1G	I just got this game a week ago and have been playing it as much as I can ever since.It's graphics are great,the story is great,the gameplay is great,split screen is great.Now I haven't played it online(Don't got DSL or Broadband)so I can't talk about it.And don't think for one moment that just because it's a few years old it isn't any good,cause it's still one of the best and will probably be 2,3 decades from now.I've played the PS2 for a long time,I just got my X-Box last christmas(had a PS2 since MOH Frontline),and have played many Fps's and "Halo Killers" on it,and the most I've seen is a few games that MIGHT be AS good as Halo,I have seen none better(I'm not including Halo 2 or 3,because I haven't played them).If you are looking for a hardcore FPS this is it,if you are looking for an all around fun game this is it,if you are looking for a great game to play with friends this is it.What all this review is trying to tell you is that this game is worth every penny,nickel and dime you spend on it,period.Buy this game,if you don't like it you can sell it and get something else,but you most likely won't be selling it.
3	B00005NZ1G	this is a kicktail combat game even if it ia a tad bloody this is not combat evolved this is gaming evolved
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought this game after beating halo 2 and since I never played this game I wanted to give it a try. It is way to much fun to be a video game. The graphics are ok but that is in 2007 6 years ago these graphics were amazing. The game is really good because of the single player. The single player is superb. It is fast paced but on harder difficulties you just can go in rambo or you will die. This game is very good and I still find myself playing this game even with all of the good games out right now.
3	B00005NZ1G	this game is really good, but it kinda gets old....for inctance, all of the levels are very different and unique, but they take too long and so the uniqueness is lost because you end up spending an hour on the same levelgraphics: 20/20really great grahics - mostly any picture is screen shot worthyreplayability: 10/20gets old as i saidplayability: 17/20great controls, gets boring thoughrestraints: 15/20great how you can go all over the planet, but the levels make it less open ended, but this is a hard categorystory: 15/20pretty basic aliens vs. humans but they beef it up with robots and suchSUBTOAL77/100BONUS+5 multiplayer+4 setable difficultyTOTAL86/100
3	B00005NZ1G	What more can I say that hasn't already been said about this epic game?  If there's only one game you play or buy for the XBOX, make sure it's HALO.This is how all First person shooters should be done.  Not only have the graphics and game engine taken an evolutionary step, but the enemy/ally AI is so incredibly lifelike!The sniper rifle has never been implimented so effectively the game as it has been in HALO.  Your allies ACTUALLY cover you and proceed to mission objectives all while verbally communicating with you.  The congratulatory remarks when you take out a difficult enemy with the sniper rifle help to immerse you in the game even more.  The vehicles you can pilot are too cool for words...the sensation of flight is effectively conveyed with the Ghost ships.There are a few drawbacks, but these do not in any way detract from HALO's legendary gameplay:  Later levels can get monotonous.  The Library and fighting wave after wave of the &quot;Flood&quot; gets repetitive.  The later missions suffer from a lack of ally soldiers to assist you.  The difficulty can be a little much for some players, but you can turn down the game's difficulty if it's too hard.  The final level is somewhat frustrating and there is an instance where the framerate on that level slows to an absolute crawl--you can count the frame rate on your fingers--but thankfully it only happens in one instance and is over soon.This is a great first effort.  I look forward to HALO 1.5 and HALO 2!!
3	B00005NZ1G	I had the priviledge to play this game at the Halo Launch Party in Chicago and it was one of the best FPS games I had ever played in my entire life. The game revolves around the Master Chief who is the last of a superhuman soldier group only known as Spartans. He is onboard a ship that falls under attack and is forced to wage a guerilla war on the alien threat. The gameplay is extremely easy to use giving the Xbox controller a great usage in the course of the game. This is where it truly shines. Graphically the game can only be described as a work of art. The multiplayer experience is awesome, it utilizes four controllers on one Xbox and gives the ability to link four Xbox consoles and Four Televisions up in order to have a decent 16 person LAN party. It is a very fun game and the difficulty levels and multiplayer experience gives it a great replay value all in itself. At least rent the game and if you lose you skepticism then buy the game and enjoy.
3	B00005NZ1G	I spent the most time with my friends playing video games, playing on Halo. I, personally, think it is better (gameplay wise) than Halo 2. The graphics may not be as great, but the game is still really fun to play. My favourite map definately has to be Sidewinder, its huge and the best looking. If you have a Xbox this is a must own.
3	B00005NZ1G	Of all the lame fps games out there i'd thout that the industry was in a time of darkness,and from some of the lame ones i'd played in the past, I started to believe it, but, it  pulled itself out of the pc, and on to the XBOX. And it seemed to start a new era in fps games wich shoes the potentiol of the increddible new console systems and it sparked the idea of some of the best fps games in the world. I am still an avid PC gamer and do enjoy playing the pc halo, but, I have a new found interest in console games. As a matter of fact I started playing halo at an NVIDIA spouncered gaming center and it was like I was in a new wourld, but when I had played it on the the XBOX at a friends house and then I was in counstant shock of the incredble excellent performance of both systems. My parents asked me what I wanted for my birthday this year and of course, I said an XBOX and the first game would of course be halo. Overall i'm glad that halo kind of changed my mind about fps games. I would recommend halo to anyone consloe or pc, and even though it's rated M, theres not as much blood or adult themes as a game like grand theft auto 3, or vice city, even though I love those game too... but, that makes a little more youth friendly.
3	B00005NZ1G	Edit November 15th, 2008:Over four years later, and this game hasn't aged a day.  I still get as much enjoyment out of it today as I did four years ago, and I suspect I'll update this review again in another four years with the same opinion.One of the best FPS to ever grace any console.  Period.  If it were Zelda, it would be Ocarina of Time.End Edit.I know a lot of people have tried to describe this game and tell you why you should buy it, but honestly I don't think there are any words for it.  Very, very rarely do we see a game that holds up in EVERY aspect.  Well, Halo is that very game.  Sound.  Graphics.  Replay value.  Controls.  A. I.  All top tier.Let's say that creating video games were as easy as injecting your imagination into a console and playing it.  Well, if that were the case, then your result would be Halo.Remember when GoldenEye came out?  That was a spectacular game for its time.  Think of Halo as the GoldenEye of the 21st century.Bungie has always had a good track record simply because they are gamers.  And just like everyone else, they don't want to spend their money on a piece of trash that will last for about a week before collecting dust.Please keep in mind that Halo is a First Person Shooter.  One with incredible depth, mind you, but still at its heart, a FPS.  Don't expect to be Link on a great quest or Mario trying to save the princess.  Halo is not about solving puzzles and leveling up.  It's about strategy and survival.  You get swamped with 3 different races of the Covenant (Plus some Flood later on) all at once and you can't just run in there with guns blazing on the higher difficulties.Replay Value?  Absolutely.  I've had Halo for almost a year and still, to this day, I can sit down and play for a few minutes that eventually turn into HOURS.  There are always new ways to defeat the enemy.Anyway, there is so much about this game that I could not possible put it all here.  Buy it, and I promise that it will be the best $30 you have ever spent on a game.
3	B00005NZ1G	What's hot is:-Just about EVERYTHING!What's not is:-How very addictive this is(If you are in the middle of a quest &lt;i.e.trying to beat the game on any difficulty&gt; it would be too hard to quit.)-It's so dramaticWhat's weird is:-Could you at least do something about the Marines' IQ because they don't do much unless you help them?(But don't take them out the game)What's the final word:Altogether, this is a game with the heart of a God.  Play Halo if you want to be a god in FPS's.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have been playing Halo since Combat Evolved first came out. There are already so many in depth reviews out so I will just say this: if you haven't played Halo yet, where have you been. I highly recommend this game to everyone who enjoys an amazing epic story. If you are concerned about better graphics, then you can go for Anniversary which uses the Halo Reach engine. This game is a classic and is the reason people buy Xbox.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the game I bought XBox for, and the first few days of having it in the console was pure gaming joy.  The &quot;feel&quot; of moving around in Halo is fantastic, the controls are easy to use and comfortable.  The scenery is fascinating, with well-rendered (if not diverse) aliens and weapons to be found throughout the environment.  Capping off the whole experience is the best vehicle driving interface I've experienced in a First Person Shooter.  All that being said, I want only one improvement in Halo 2, one which would have garnered this game 5 stars ---- Don't fill the middle of the story sequence with REPETITIVE mission environments.  There comes a point halfway (perhaps a bit further) through Halo where you spend countless moments traversing the same damn hallway again and again.  It seems a lazy oversight by the designer given the time this game took in production, and the other overall general excellence that they couldn't muster a few different settings.  An unfortunate blemish on what should have been a solid gem.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is one of the games I bought with my Xbox (along with DOA3) during the release so I've had it for a few months now. I originally didn't play it much because I hated the controls (I'm a computer player who much prefers FPS games with a mouse and keyboard). Why Microsoft refuses to develop a mouse/keyboard set-up for the Xbox I'll never know.After some time I decided to pick Halo back up and play it; I did spend [price] on it after all. Boy am I glad I did. This game is everything they said it would be. The most stand-out thing about the game is the story. I'm not understanding why some people said they found the story boring (did they play through till the end?). The game plays like a good sci-fi action movie that keeps you wanting more right up to and even after the end. The game play while sometimes repetative (impossible not to be in a FPS) is wonderfully varied through the combination of indoor and outdoor environments, and then throw vehicles into the mix. Sometimes you work solo, and sometimes you have a group of marines helping you out.I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Half-Life has stood as the king of first person shooters for years (and for good reason) but I honestly think this is the first game to give it a true run for it's money (if only it was made available on PC). The only real problems I see with the game are the lack of playable characters in multiplay and the fact that it's not available for PC (but the game is so good that I would buy it again if it was made available for PC).PROS:-Amazing graphics.-Strong storyline.-Great weapon variety.-Grenades not having to be selected as their own weapon making them actually useful for once.-Co-op mode! Why more FPS games don't have this I'll never know.-Addictive multiplayer goodness (a la Goldeneye style).-Savable player control settings.-Game auto-saves for you.-Vehicles.CONS:-Not available for PC.-Most maps are for more than 4 players, not enough 4 player maps.-Only one player model selectable for multiplay.-Not online play ready, meaning you'll have to buy Halo 1.5 if you want to play online when Microsoft gets their network going.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a awesome game,and a definite must own for any Xbox gamer.This is one of the best games ever,on any system.This is also possibly the best FPS of all time,too.I doubt that any FPS could top it except for Halo 2,which is going to be the ultimate FPS of all time.The gameplay in Halo is extremely awesome and the multiplayer matches are addictive.It also has perfect controls.I had no problem with the controls at all.Every thing handles fine,from the weapons to the vehicles.The graphics are also some of the best the genre has seen.Halo 2 is going to look even better,but for now these graphics are amazingly good.I think the music is great too.This all comes down to a must have game.Its perfect.
3	B00005NZ1G	I don't like typically jumping on a bandwagon of any kind, so that's not what this is.  I 5-starred the hell out of this game because it was very, very fun.With Halo 3 coming out last month, I decided it was time to figure out what all the fuss was about.  I own several FPS's, and I don't know why.  I just keep buying them, but they're not really that fun.  It's just not my bag, I guess.FEAR is spooky, but redundant redundant redundant re... you get it?QUAKE 4 is pretty, but also pretty standard.PREY is innovative, but sometimes difficult to figure out where to go next.But a launch game from the LAST generation of systems has just proven to me why there ARE so many FPS's out there today.  HALO was FUN.When I first tapped into the game, I didn't really get it.  I couldn't get behind the idea that these silly Covenant forces were a threat.  I didn't know how to utilize my different weapons, and I NEVER understood my shield.  Face it, I'm a casual gamer, and Halo came off like just another boring FPS in my collection.  But over time, as I went through endless levels of dealing with the Flood, I longed for combat against my Covenant counterparts.  I found out that the Needler is the most fun weapon to wield in all of FPS history.  And I learned that patience truly is a virtue, because when those warning alarms are going off, that means it's time to run for cover until my shield has recharged itself.In my opinion, the real joy in playing this game comes from a meshing of all of these somewhat standard elements with a VERY exciting AI, whether it be the enemies or your own teammates.  Wow.I'm writing this review in October of 2007.  I've played Gears of War to death, and I absolutely HATED my AI teammates.  They were constantly getting themselves shot down, and waiting for me to either heal them, or defeat all the baddies in the area.  Halo AI teammates can do stupid things, but they aren't important to the story.  If you kill more than one with friendly fire, they'll turn on you.  But there were several instances in the game where I had to sniper rifle at least one of them in the head just to get his standard automatic rifle for combat, or to keep him from accidentally shooting ME.  This, in my opinion, was not a faulty game mechanic.  I ENJOYED picking off my own team.  Let's face it, I'm the Master Chief and *they're* not, so they have to do what I say!  If that means I kill them and take their guns, so be it.I could go on forever about the thought they must've put into the various weapons (though simple they may be) and how you have to choose the right weapon quickly for a certain scenario, but it's probably best you just get on this bandwagon next to me and start playing.  If you're not a big FPSer (like me), give it a few plays, and you'll eventually "GET" Halo.I think this review is very fair, since I'm not writing it the day the original XBOX came out.  The graphics didn't blow me away, as I'm playing it on my 360, but they're still quite good.  If you think MC looks funny as he's falling to his death, just remember that you're still laughing as he's falling to his death, thereby negating any graphical "errors" you think you're seeing.  For example, once his body comes to a stop, and he's face down, for some reason he almost always does what I call "the butt twitch" right before I'm respawned.  I usually chuckle at this point, and immediately get blown up by a plasma grenade because I wasn't paying attention and didn't realize I was already back in the game.For some reason, it reminds me of the days we used to play Goldeneye 007 with our friends, and we'd set it up on Slappers Only, turn ourselves into midgets, and run around at double speed just slapping the crap out of each other.  You can still laugh at it to this day, so it doesn't matter how crappy the graphics are.  It's still fun.So anyway, Halo taught me that FPS's - in a perfect world - COULD be fun.  I just wish all my other FPS's didn't suck.  And *they're* all for the 360.  Does that make any sense to you?I can't wait to get my hands on Halo 2 and play as the Covenant.  Sounds fun.
3	B00005NZ1G	Ah, Halo, I must say even though I'm not even an Xbox fanboy, this game rules out all.  The graphics are nothing short of suburb, the gameplay is godlike and the quality of the game is nothing short of amazing.  Everything about this game will beat up the competition, watch out Nintendo and Sony, it looks like Microsoft is gonna be putting up a strong fight this season.  Keep up with games like this and I might go buy an Xbox, but until then, I'll stick with my Gamecube :P
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the best. you have for different setting to put it at easy, normal, heroic, and ledgendary...each challenging you to do your best...have fun is all i can say!
3	B00005NZ1G	And Halo was the first game that I purchased in the endeavor.  Boy, oh, boy was I pleased.  I am not the biggest FPS fan but when I play a good one, I love it.  Halo is an amazing game.  For one player, it is a great game where you also get some marine based support.  It' much fun overpowering masses of Covenant forces.  Then you get the vehicles.  Amazing.  The Warthog and Scorpian are great but my favorite is the Ghost.  The Ghost is a hover-bike that the Covenant use.  The graphics and fluidity of the game are amazing.  No slowdown in all the carnage, something that the PS2 had too much of.On to multipayer.  I haven't played too many deathmatches, but the co-op is unbelievable.  It provides hours and hours of mass destruction.  Then you and a buddy get the vehicles.  Still, no slowdown for a split-screen multiplayer game.  Unbelievable.  Me and my buddy played for 5 hours straight on Saturday.Happy I sold the PS2 and got the X-Box.  It did cost about a hundred dollars after the trade in, but at least I have a system on my shelf that is more than a dust recepticle.  :o)
3	B00005NZ1G	NOTE:THIS WILL WORK ON 360!Halo has everything a game should need. Awesome story, responsive controls, great graphics, and an awesome main character who kicks (bad word) and takes names.STORY:You are Spartan-117, a lone Spartan(all the others were killed) created for war. You are aboard the marine flagship the Pillar of Autumn. The ship is boardered by the Covenant, a race of aliens bent on the destruction of the human race and Earth. You are awoken from a cyro-chamber and ordered to report to Captain Keyes. He gives you the ship's A.I. and tells you to find an escape pod.The game is picked up from there.GRAPHICS:Nothing short of amazing. Detailed environments, detailed weopons, human and Covenant designs, vehicle designs, and cinematic scenes all blow you away.SOUND:From the music(which will at least give you goosebumps) to the sound of death and guns everywhere, the sound was phenominally done. Voices are incredible and the death screams for humans and Covenant are both realistic and satisfying. The vehicles sound great as well.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay flows realisticly. You can only carry two guns at a time and there is no alt. fire for weapons. You can melee when the Covenant get up in your grill and try to kill you. You can jump, crouch, fly, drive, shoot, run, and blast your way to victory. Each of the 10 levels(except the first)is at least an hour long but the ability to save last checkpoint and exit is a lifesaver. Checkpoints appear frequntly which is good and are placed very well.Now go out and buy the game for yourself.It won't dissapoint.
3	B00005NZ1G	A must have in the collection.  Great campaign missions.  However, once you beat the highest level, I doubt if you will want to continue to play the campaings.  But, it is the best multi-player shooting game yet.  You will fall out laughing every time you hit one of your friends in the back of the head with your unit.  The only reason I did not rate this game with 5 stars is that one player cannot play the computer in the multiplayer environment.  If you you could it would be the best game ever made, 100.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is in the mold of Wolfenstein/Doom/ Half life/Unreal. Having played these I think Halo is much better as I will explain below.The game places you in the future as a special Cyborg with a mission to save mankind from some aliens known as the Covenant.Unlike other shoot everything that moves games, in Halo there are a number of unique differences which make it the best game of its type in my opinion.First of all theres some epic fights which you get to participate in. You can find yourself dropped off with other marines fighting for your lifes against a myriad of aliens. The AI of the marines and aliens is impressive. You could if you wanted to hide somewhere in the game and watch the chaos around you shoot itself out. It's amazing. It's like being in a real battle. You never know how things will pan out as your actions can change the whole way a battle evolves. To hide or not to hide is the question. Helping your fellow marines out is necessary to help insure they don't die. At one point in the game I felt quite alone until reaching a later checkpoint where I met up with a survivor who gratefully jumped into my warthog(armoured Jeep if you ask me)and manned the guns. When I accidently squashed him against a wall on flipping over I felt quite sad for the poor guy. I was on my own again. After that experience I protected the marines as much as I could. I actually started to care about the little guys and seek there company.The aliens themselves run away from you when they know they're beaten but as soon as they get the opportunity will come right back and shoot you the moment you're not looking. Some of the bigger aliens when dying charge you in the hope of taking you out with them. It's quite impressive.You get a fair number of weapons to use including alien ones. The good old sniper gun was my favourite and the telescopic zoom will have you itching to have a go.A big difference for me was the fact that a good part of the game plays on the surface of a planet. It's awesome to watch and you're given more freedom to roam around and explore than in other games of this type. The game doesn't have such a linear feel to it. There's plenty of strategy for those who want to be clever and various ways to defeat the enemy.The levels are quite long and numerous and only a few are a bit repetitive.One of the best aspects of the game is the ability to let you drive any of the vehicles in the game such as armoured jeeps, tanks and alien ships. You can even knock out an enemy guard and assume his position on a laser cannon. There's stacks of fun in this. It's even better in a two player game. As one player can drive whilst the other shoots in the case of the armoured jeep. It really is fantastic.Best of all the single player campaign can be played on four difficulty levels and repeated as a multiplayer game. So if you struggle with certian levels you can get a friend or 3 to join you and help out. I struggled with my friend to get a go driving the jeep! All this and no slow down.We were riveted for hours. He of course has a PS2 and at the start said it wasn't much better than PS2 games until he saw the planet and the sniper rifle and the way you can use vehicles.No doubt the gameplay is the clincher. I'm not a fan of violent games as such but this game has a far more innocent feel to it. Half life for example was extremely scary. In this game I didn't get scared. Later on in the game there are some levels which unnerved me a little bit but I always felt in control. There are no horrible impossible puzzles to solve here. Just straightforward planning and common sense will see you through. There are also regular automatic saves throughout the levels so at least you know you will be able to reach the end eventually. The very final stage stumped me for a while only because I thought it was harder than it actually was! The levels are also broken up with cinematic scenes. The graphics are stunning in places and the planet knocked me senseless.There are stacks of multiplayer options such as capture the flag, slayer, and race. There's hours of play to be had here.You might like me find the controls odd at first but you'll get used to them. Any negatives have to be constructive or very minor niggles. I would have liked the aliens to have a bigger variety of random responses than what was offered, which too my knowlegde is better than what has gone before anyway! The game slowed down when reaching some of the checkpoints in the multiplayer mode but only for a second or two. One very minor niggle is the ending wasn't as long as I hoped although it's worth seeing. Another strange this was the disappearance of the alien bodies on certian levels.Halo brought something different and exciting to discover and it pushes even newer boundaries to my experience. The story line has some interesting twists and turns along the way and the suspense lasts right to the end.
3	B00005NZ1G	I like the game it was fun to play. it is a good game to get on the first Xbox.
3	B00005NZ1G	Well, I finally did it.  I swore I wasn't going to until later on, but I drug out my wallet and bought and X-Box.  Halo is the reason why.  I didn't think that just one game would make me want to buy the system, but this one did.  NEVER before have I gotten my hands on a game that is so addictive and immersive.  I pulled an all-niter last night on this one and I'm surprised that I was able to lay the controller down long enough to log on and write a review for it.Here are just a few reasons why this game is the best:It may be a first-person shooter, and I thought that Goldeneye would be the last one I ever needed, but I was wrong again.  The gameplay and action here is so tight and frantic, you actually feel like you've been dropped into one of the bloody battles of "Startship Troopers".The storyline is airtight, with GREAT voice-acting and character details and the plot zooms right along with plot twists and surprises.  Unlike any other shooter I've ever played, you actually have a team and you do grow attached to your buddies.  It's not your own skin you're trying to save, but theirs too.Variety?  You got it.  During some points of the game, you can hop into a vehicle and blast your way across the landscapes, gunning down the aliens as they run your way.  Fun stuff.Again, the first-person shooter is a genre that I thought ended with Goldeneye, but the sheer amount of depth that went into Halo, makes the whole thing seem fresh and new again.  If it's multiplayer action you're wanting, then there's MORE than plenty of that to keep you glued to your set longer than a Vivid Girls Marathon.  Plain and simple.  Call your buddies up and tell them to bring extra controllers.How does the game look?  Well, the graphics are STUNNING.  This is the best looking game in history.  The frame rate may move along at 30 fps, but it does it so smooth and seemlessly, that you'd never know it.  You can be fifty yards from a wall, and when you run up to it, it's gonna look just as good up close as it did far away. There's no blurring to speak of.  The characters faces are also some of the most realistic I've ever seen.  They actually move with the voices and the expressions are very human.  It's more like you're watching a movie than playing a game.Like I said before, this is the MAIN reason I bought an X-Box and if you're not convinced yet, then I really don't know what else to say.  One more thing though, this was a first-generation game for the console. As awesome as this one is, I can't wait to see what the next crop of games will look like...
3	B00005NZ1G	this is an average FPS.  graphics, and sound are top notch, but the weapons, gameplay, and storyline are nothing too interesting.  this game does draw heavily from many sci-fi classics, while playing you'll be reminded of 'Aliens', 'Predator', 'Stargate', and the master cheif's suit looks a little too 'Half-Life'.  But on a technical standpoint, this game puts all other FPS's to shame.
3	B00005NZ1G	there's no better shooter out there that even compares to this game. all the elements, music, game play, graphics come together in this game like no other. this game is the main reason to have an xbox. to make things better. as of APRIL 1st 2004, the price of xbox will be dropped to $149!! plus, HALO 2 will be coming out this year &amp; it's live!!! 95% of people have broadband. for $50 (for the live kit. includes headset &amp; 1 year of live) gaming experience takes on a whole new level. try it. you won't regret it.
3	B00005NZ1G	All I can say is that this game was made for the Xbox. I had so much fun with it. The game has great graphics and is vey intence. If you don't have Halo already then I suggest that you buy it. You will probably enjoy it as much as I have.
3	B00005NZ1G	I'm lost for words for 1 of the best FPS.Before you start any level there're 4  difficulty levels, easy, normal, heroic and legendary. The description box at the side of Heroic says something like "survival isn't garaunteed, well that's if you first start on that mode on your first ever go on this game. On legendary it says "enemies never known defeat and they laugh at your efforts", yep that's tru when there're are more of them and those elites(big alians)use plasma auto rifels(alien's machine guns) your health goes down awfully fast and more enemies come to take you down but they don't respawn. After owning this game for 2 years legendary is easy now I'm experienced. This is where replay value comes in because you'll want to complete all 10 levels on different difficulties and when you're on level select it shows symbols of which difficulties you've done it on.The first thing you'll notice are great graphics but not as good as the new Ninja Gaidan but this game was made 2 -3 years ago(check out HALO 2 screen shots on Gamespot). There're are snowy effects, exsplosians, rain effects. Heck when shining your flashlight on your gun at the wall in the dark it reflects like in real life. The frame rate is something like 30 not 60 but I never noticed until I read reviews from people who dissed this game. This has great music when playing and it fits perfectly with the game. Each enemy has their own music(ELITES, HUNTERS and THE FLOOD and probably more). Even when Elites are flying BANSHEES music plays for it.Loading and saving is the best I've seen on a video game. It takes about 15 secs to load the start of a huge level then afterwards when you progress through it takes 1 second to load as it auto saves or it's called a checkpoint so when you die you end up there and you have to go on save and quit to save..The good thing about this is it doesn't feel too unrealistic when taking so many gun shots, you don't die because you're MASTER CHIEF in a protective cool suit, there are batteries in your suit that charges up your health once you take cover. In Medal of honour it's redicules when taking 100 shots and not dying.The weapons are great as they each have a strength on each enemy.PISTOLThis is in my opinion the best gun. This has a 2 * 2 scope, it holds 120 ammo and it has powerful bullets. They're good to use against anything apart from shooting vehicals.ASSUALT RIFELpeople are saying this is inaccurate but they're wrong because when enemies are a couple of feet away you don't just hold the right trigor, you have to push it repeatedly to make it more accurate. There should have been an option for controlled burst. This is good used for close up encounters like shooting elites then melee attacking them with the butt of rifel. This is strongest to use against the FLOOD.SHOTGUNThis is powerful and takes down the flood in 1 hit depending on how close you are. This is best used in narrow corridors because this won't do as well out side. Best used against flood and Elites.SNIPER RIFELThis has a 2 * 2 zoom and a whopping 10 * 10 zoom. This is powerful and is best use against the covenant(ALIANS)and not the FLOOD because it won't harm them. Best used in out door areas or spacious insides.ROCKET LAUNCHERThis is powerful and has a useful full 2 * 2 zoom. This is best used for groups of enemies, vehicals, hitting weak point of hunters(big aliens with armour) and elites. Remember to shoot the ground so the impact hits the enemy because you'll miss when shooting directly at the body.PLASMA PISTOLPush the right trigger repeatedly and it'll fire like a pistol and when holding it and then releasing a powerful bolt is released and takes away a JACKELS(alian)shield if you fire at them.PLASMA RIFELThis is the alien's machine gun and it's all rapid fire but when holding the fire button for too long it over heats and burns your hand, you don't loose health of it though. This is good for charging at any enemy except for HUNTERS and vehicles.NEEDLERThis is cool because when you fire it it homes in on the unlucky victim. When the ELITES use thier great AI buy jumping for cover behind rocks you fire this and when it sticks onto them it exsplodes. This is bad to use with anything to do with armour ie Jackel cause it'll bounce rite of.There's also FRAG GRENADE and PLASMA GRENADES. Frag is great for quick exsplosians and PLASMA is great to stick onto someone, like a GRUNT(small aliens)so when they run of to the bigger alians for help it'll result in more deaths.Ther're great vehicles such as WARTHOG(jeep with chaingun on back), SCORPIAN TANK(were up to 4 soldiers can sit on the side), GHOSTS(floating vehicle) and flying BANSHEES(your jaw will drop when flying in the snow and when it's a bit dark).This game never gets old and it's like listening to good music when it gets better every time. You'll appreciate when enemies die differently, the suroundings and when driving on the mud or sand it comes of the wheels realisticly. Thier AI is the best in a FPS. Multiplayer is great and rivals TIME SPLITTERS 2. There's an edit mode where you can change control settings and multiplayer modes.
3	B00005NZ1G	From the fluidity of the gameplay to the originality of the story, this is one game that deserves the fame.After learning the controls, which takes an hour, this game transforms itself into utter bliss, a sugary confection/addiction akin to crack.The single player is the most engaging FPS ever, but HALO tops them all with its supreme multiplayer combat.  Driving the vehicles and running your friends over and taking up a sniper position in Blood Gulch to pick them off in the same game is extremely gratifying.  Linking up XBOXes is a party in itself with this game.  However [strange] that sounds, it's true.  My fianc&eacute;e, who is a model/actress, was joining in on the taunts; I guess if it's a geek thing, then we all are.HALO has the slug COMBAT EVOLVED for a reason:  it dispenses with the DOOM-era need for finding the switch, opening the door, putting the blue statue on the blue pedestal, and all that jazz.  It focuses on defeating your enemy through military tactics and quick-reloading trigger fingers.  The AI in this game is fantastic ; alternately attacking and retreating.  To progress through the game, you have to think about surviving the hundreds of battles you'll encounter.  The superb and grandiose level design further assists this model.The game's story is alternately sci-fi intense, horrific, and tongue-in-cheek.  It's a rollercoaster ride all the way.  You'll find yourself saying, "What the hell will they throw at me next?" and you'll never be disappointed with the deliver when it comes.And so is HALO...greatest game ever.  Easily.
3	B00005NZ1G	A lot of people would disagree with me on this subject, but Halo is NOT a perfect game. There are problems with the level design, and the graphics are far inferior to what they should be. However, this game is still a truck load of fun.Do I really need to tell the story? Sure, why not. Earth is at war with the Covenant, a bunch of bad alien dudes (like there are ever friendly aliens in video games). After Reach outpost falls to them, and most of the Spartans (superhuman battle cyborgs) are destroyed, the Covenant is at Earth's doorstep. Desperate to draw them off, the PILLAR OF AUTUM, along with the last surviving Spartan, jump blindly into deep space, and come out near the world Halo. After a crash landing, it's up to Master Chief (the player) to help lead the guerilla war against the Covenant, and find out what Halo is.This is, in the end, an elaborate excuse to kick some serious alien but. And kick it you will. The idea of only being able to carry two weapons at once was genius and makes the player think about what they're likely to need in a certain part of the level. The weapons are all nifty. None really stand out, (except the needler) but they all get the job done, and the ability to use Covenant weapons provides some cool variety.However, the graphics really disappoint, which is sad considering all their hype. For a system that is touted as the strongest in the current console war (of which there has yet to be definite proof), this game sure doesn't impress. The animation runs at a mere 30 frames per second, and sometimes dips below that. The textures, though used well, are far to few, especially for what the XBOX is capable of. However, things like this happen when a game is switched from one medium to another during development (Halo was originally going to launch on the PC). The visuals aren't bad per say, but they aren't anywhere near what the system can and should handle. Luckily, Bungie has learned from their mistake. Check out the videos from Halo 2 and you'll see what I'm talking about. Still, there are certainly some great animations in here, and the lighting is really good.Unfortunately, the level design gets repetitious, especially past the halfway point of the game, where you essentially play the first half of the game again in reverse order, as you try to escape from the facility on Halo. It's still fun, but it would have been nice to switch pace from "Here's another room full of aliens to kill" every once in a while, although the vehicular levels almost make up for it. It doesn't kill the gameplay, but it's kind of a let down after all the praise the game has been receiving.However, Halo truly shines in its gameplay. It controls like a PC game, and the XBOX pad, provided you have the smaller version, not the building-sized original, works very well. It takes some getting used to if you're more used to Goldeneye-style settings, but it really is the best it could be on a console. The aiming is easy, and the weapons all have secondary functions. The ability to use vehicles was a nice touch, and adds a nice layer to the experience. And the AI really is impressive. Your fellow soldiers will lay down covering fire for you, accompany you in vehicles, and even dive for cover when grenades are thrown. The covenant troops will hide behind shields, rocks/trees, or other troops, throw grenades back at you, and even imitate the death screams of the marines. Listening to the grunts will provide some of the best laughs of the game ("Ahh, they're everywhere!" "We're all gonna die!" "Little people first!") There are some truly great moments to be had just from watching your opponents.Halo's second, and arguably greater feat, is the multiplayer. The maps are huge, and the game modes are many. Not only that, but the vehicles are all available in multi as well, adding all the more to the carnage you can inflict on your friends. However, it would have been nice to see some bots added, using the excellent AI from the game. Sure the multi is fun, but deathmatch can get old after long enough, and it would be fun to sit down with four friends and just wage war against a squad of Covenant troops. Luckily, for gamers who actually have friends, there is a great co-op mode, with the entire game available to play through with a buddy. It's a nice touch, and adds a feel of being part of a team to the gameplay, and a human will be an infinitely better back-up man than your unfortunately human marines.All in all, anyone who enjoys shooters should already own this game. If you don't, go pick it up, and you won't be sorry.Hail to the Chief.
3	B00005NZ1G	I heard about this game from my friends and I must admit, at one point I hated Xbox (girl screams in background).  Well folks, it was this marvelous game that changed my mind.  This piece of Heaven owns people.  That's about the extent of it all.  The AI is unrivaled by any other game I have played in my life.  The single player is most definitely a wonderful aspect to the action, but multiplayer....Sweet Lord above....You WILL NOT find anything that can even come close to dreaming about beating this game...I literally went out and bought an Xbox just for this game.  And if they were to not make any more games for Xbox I wouldn't mind as long as I had Halo.  And I am dead serious about that. I think that's enough said....it's a shame the rating system only stops at a mere 5....
3	B00005NZ1G	I'm not into shooting games much, but this game is worth your 50 dollars, ive been to Halo parties where there are up to 16 players playing at once and its great, and ive been home alone and played for hours and its great. BUY THIS GAME.
3	B00005NZ1G	I am so addicted to this game, it's owned me for the last week. For those of you that followed Bungie's Marathon games (on the Macintosh), you will see many nods to that series within this game. I was originally ticked that Microsoft bought Bungie, but after seeing Halo on the incredible XBox, I'm over it. This game is amazing, and a definite purchase if you are a sci-fi shooter fan. If not, then I'd recommend the Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee game, which is equally amazing in it's genre.For all you MGS fans, XBox will get an enhanced version of this game in early 2002, so play Halo now and MGS later.
3	B00005NZ1G	LOVE IT! I replay the whole series all the time.
3	B00005NZ1G	In Halo, Bungie has created one of the most magnificent and believable worlds to grace the gaming world. They've created a massive planet sprawling with rocks and trees and grass and water. They've created an alien race called the Covenant, a deadly, yet intelligent species who serve as archenemies to humans. The amount of work and detail that went into the game is unbelievable. From the moment you pick up the controller to the moment you finish the game, you will be immersed in a first person shooter unlike any other. The game is magic the moment you pick up the controller. Simply put, Halo is one of the greatest games ever created.Halo is a pure action, shoot `em up blood bath, but it's done better than all of the other of its kind. First off, the AI is amazing. To this date the AI remains the absolute best, even better than the sequels. These are enemies who really don't want to die. When in danger, they take cover or run out of fear. Other games feature enemies who stand out in the open and have no sense of their own mortality. Not so in Halo. They fight back as though they don't want to die. They fight in large groups, never solo, so the sight of a single elite means there are also a few grunts nearby. While some enemies are easier to kill than others, all nonetheless pose big threats to you. The small, cowardly grunts attack in large groups; jackals take cover behind their powerful shields while firing their pistols at a rapid rate; hunters are massive, heavily armored, and carry giant weapons; and elites are the smartest and deadliest of all - almost equal to Master Chief. You have to be aware of each one to make sure they don't overcome you. In other words, don't be stupid and always be alert. In the legendary difficulty you find yourself in fifteen to twenty minute long gunfights with a single enemy group of covenant - that's how hard it gets.A mark of a great game is how much it has been imitated. As an example, the game's weapon system is one of the best out there. There are only eight weapons, and all are well-balanced. Before Halo came out, shooters were all about finding more and more powerful weapons as you progressed through the game. After Halo, everything changed. Now games are all about a handful of well-balanced weapons. Now, instead of carrying a huge arsenal of weapons, you can only carry two or three at once, so trading one for another means you are making a sacrifice. Also widely imitated is Halo's revolutionary health system. Halo relies on a shield that recharges over time, and ever since many other shooters have used the same system. It means you can enter all gunfights at your strongest at all times and the game can challenge you at every turn without you having to worry about entering the next tough gunfight with only a sliver of health.Halo sports wonderful visuals, which is one reason the worlds are so immersive. The bump-mapping, back when that term was popular, helps immerse you into the game's world. Characters also move and look realistic. It's hilarious to see a grunt running from you with arms flailing after you have just killed an elite. The sounds and music are awesomely done, also. Halo is one of the rare shooters that has such memorable music accompanying its name. There are so many things I could talk about with this game, including the brilliant, suspenseful build-up to the encounter with the Flood, and the great multiplayer. If you've never played this game, you really owe it to yourself to try it out. This is a rare game that will likely never meet its equal. Not even Bungie could reproduce the magic with any of its sequels. Halo is not just the best game for the Xbox, it is one of the best games ever made.
3	B00005NZ1G	After you get done with butt-kicking the covenant and flood, you probably get bored of the game. Even the spilt-screen multiplayer gets boring. But, the one thing many people don't know about is the "system-link play." This is when you hook up 1-3 other xboxes to your system, so that up to 16 people can duke it out. With this new feature, many online companys tried to manipulate the system-link play. Some of these companys are gamespy and xbconnect. These programs which you can download at their site, allow your xbox to connect to other xboxes throughout the world, so you aren't limited to your constant HAlo-rivals. There are close to 500 people on each of these programs daily. Now you can play with pros online, and improve your skill.-This is the main reason HALO is still popular more than a year and a half later.-There are always new people playing and is something else to do for the summer.-Hopefully this review helped all those bored gamers out there.........See you on XBconnect!
3	B00005NZ1G	When Halo came out I was not much of a gamer, but my brother told me he had heard it was good so I gave it a chance. I credit this game for This making me a gamer because it was simply that good. It's one of those few games that you don't expect much, but end up being among the best games you play. It's so great that even if there had not being any sequels it would have still remain as memorable as it is today.
3	B00005NZ1G	Yes, it's 2005 and my wait is over.  I had this game sitting on a shelf for almost a year, and finally I took the time to fully enjoy it.Usually, the first games that come out with the launch of a new game console are  there to show off it's capabilities, but they fade away into obscurity very quickly.  Halo is one of the very few exceptions to the rule, and this is without a doubt, the game that built Xbox's reputation into what it is today, hands down.In my opinion, the main factor in keeping me coming back to this game was pure playability. I didn't admire so much the landscapes, the weapons, the AI or even the great vehicles available for combat.  What I really admired was the ease of playing (and I mean playing, not actually winning).  The controls are comfortable, the movements are smooth, the feel is just perfect.All games have room for improvement, for me Halo has its major flaw with the automatic checkpoint saves - The program automatically saves your progress at specific (I call arbitrary) spots during the game.  I found myself going way back to a previous checkpoint after spending almost an hour of tough combat.  This situation also brought another gripe, sometimes I felt that certain parts were supposed to be completed in a seemingly "specific" way, with no room for improvisation.  A slight deviation in tactics and you ended up flying in the air and back to the last checkpoint.  Also, if you did something wrong, such as wasting ammo or grenades, you had no way to backtrack into a more comfortable position.  A couple of times I had to restart a level after finding myself in an exceedingly frustrating impossible checkpoint because of the lack of weapons and ammo.Sound settings would've been a nice addition to the game.  I often noticed that the music and sound effects volume didn't allow you to listen the game dialog clearly enough.  Dialog is important to succedd in more than a few missions.After several days I was able to complete all the Campaign missions in Normal mode.  I recommend a new player to start with Easy.  I believe Normal mode is still a bit difficult for the average player.In the end, Halo for Xbox is a truly exciting action game, with many different combat options that will keep you hooked until the end.  A must have.
3	B00005NZ1G	multiplayer split screen and more. Awesome detail. Simply one of the best games ever, a must buy. Drive in tanks and other vehicles as you fight enemy aliens with an arsenal of weaponry. Great detail and scenery from beginning to end.
3	B00005NZ1G	But you don't know which one to get. Well if you own an XBOX, and soon hopefully a computer if Microsoft decides to release Halo on the PC and Mac, then this game is the way to go. Halo is based in the very far future during a war between the now intergalactic human race and an alien race called the Covenant. The majority of the battles take place on the ring world of Halo (hence the name of the game), in fact, I think all but the first one do. The game starts of with you on a spaceship called the Pillar of Autumn which is being attacked and boarded by the Covenant. After an overview of the basic controls and adjusting some settings, you're off to the bridge of the ship. You get a weapon and you fight until you're able to get into a lifepod and you crash land on the ring world called Halo. From there, you're thrown into several levels of bloody, FPS shooter warfare.You get occasional help from groups of Marines in certain levels. These Marines will talk to you, eachother, and hurl insults at enemy covenant. They can get annoying to the point of wanting to turn off the game though because they shout "Hey that's mine! You stole my kill!" at you for nearly every covenant you kill. However, they can be funny too shouting things like "Who's laughing now idiot!?" at aliens that are running away screaming or "Get up! Get up so I can kill you again!" at dead alien corpses. There are a variety of vehicles and weapons to drive and shoot. These range from Marine to alien and all will be available to you at one point or another. Well, almost all. You can drive jeeps with rear mounted guns and a Marine shooting from the passenger seat, tanks, Covenant hover vehicles called Ghosts, and Covenant fighters called Banshees. You can use sniper rifles, rocket launchers, assault rifles, shotguns, plasma rifles, pistols, energy pistols, needlers(shoot sticky homing bombs that explode a second or two after contact), and many more to kill your enemies. As well as two grenade types, fragmentation and plasma(sticky).The graphics are very good and the levels are usually long and with much variety. Although they can sometimes be hard to beat at certain parts. With you reloading at checkpoint again and again to beat a certain part. The music can be good and sometimes bad but overall the sound is pretty good. Except for the little Covenant that speak english and run around screaming like little girls. Now THAT gets annoying. The multiplayer is really fun. You can create your own game types too and in certain multiplayer maps you can set it so all vehicles are available as well as infinite grenades and such. The game comes with about 10 different multiplayer maps and many different game types to play. The mood during the singleplayer game really shifts a lot. You'll be feeling safe and then suddenly they'll bring in the spooky music and you'll find yourself glancing around frantically, looking for any possible enemy. Heck, I got to one level and had to stop playing for around 2 days because I got too scared lol(I'm not going to tell you why because I don't want to give anything away, but you'll feel scared when you get there).XBOX is definetly the system for this game and Halo is the perfect game for XBOX. XBOX's graphics potential gives Halo a great feel. It's a very fun game to play which can be proven by the several awards it has. Trust me, if you like first-person shooters, you'll love this game!
3	B00005NZ1G	This has to be the best game ever !! I received this game for x-mas with my new x-box. After I started playing it I could not stop. Does not compare to any other games I have played, a MUST have. The action is non stop, keeps you on your toes. I haven't played it in multiplayer mode yet but look forward to it.
3	B00005NZ1G	-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-This game deserved it's 'Game of the Year' award.  It is by far one of the coolest first person shooters out there.  This game is totally immersive, and it truely feels like you are in the alien world admist a huge battle.  It has great weapons, awesome AI, and near perfect level design.  It looks great (it's on the XBox after all!), and how can it not?  It's just the little touches that make me smile, such as the sun peaking through leaves of the trees....I love that stuff.  It looks good, it plays good...and it sounds good.On top of all that, it has a great multiplayer mode.  At my work, we had a 16 player link set up (that's four xbox's, four copies of halo, a local LAN connection, 16 controllers, and of course 16 people)...and let me say, it rocked!  People were rollin' on the floor laughing....it was great fun!  If you have an XBox, you MUST own this game.... 'nuff said!
3	B00005NZ1G	I don't get what all the hype is about... Seriously. I don't. Halo is a very good (make that great) game and I still play it a lot, but from what I've read and heard about it, I was expecting to be blown away! The tornado I was bracing for turned out to be a nice, gentle breeze. Throughout the entire game, I was hoping and hoping, but it never reached the state of being the "greatest FPS of all time," or the "best game for the Xbox ever" that I had been led to believe it would become. However, that's NOT saying Halo is a gigantic disappointment in any respect. I know people are going to start telling that when it was made, Halo was way ahead of it's time. Be that as it may, I hear people saying that it's still the greatest game ever made, when in reality, it isn't.All the levels, except the moronic "The Library," are large and designed nicely, and aren't as linear as in a lot of other games. The graphics are excellent, even by today's standards. The weapons are realistic (except the pistol, which kicks the assault rifle's butt, somehow), and the enemies are original, intelligent and challenging. Co-op mode and multiplayer are both great. The vehicles are powerful, although needlessly difficult to drive (it would be much better if buttons were used for acceleration and braking, and the thumbstick was used for steering). The storyline is interesting, and the game is very well-designed overall. But, unfortunatley, I don't seem to be able to find that certain "spark" that captured so many other players' attention and made them fall in love with this game, no matter how hard I try. Many people seem to worship Halo, but I don't see what the big deal is! It might be my own fault or maybe I'm just confused, but I don't think Halo is as wonderful as it's made out to be. Seriously though, don't get me wrong! Halo is a great first-person shooter; just not the greatest.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo will undoubtedly get the coveted Game of the Year.  This game will be to the Xbox what Goldeneye was to the N64.  It is without a doubt the best console FPS shooter ever.To start off, the gameplay is incredible.  The controls feel natural, and are easy to get accustomed to for first time users.  In part due to the great controller.The graphics on this game are stunning.  Everything in this game boasts incredible amounts of detail, and this is onl a 1st gen Xbox game!I could write pages on how great this game is but I have decided to keep it brief.  Even if you were to base an Xbox purchase solely on this game it would be well worth your while.  It's that good, and WILL undoubtedly get Game of the Year.
3	B00005NZ1G	I know very little about video games,but I love playingthis game with friends. It's an exciting shoot 'em up game that'll provide hours of fun.
3	B00005NZ1G	We picked up "Halo: Combat Evolved" right after we got our XBox 360 because my son wanted to start at the beginning of the Halo series. This is a fairly fun shooter that has spawned at least five additional games and even a fairly well written series of books (Halo, Books 1-3 (The Flood; First Strike; The Fall of Reach), which were actually fairly good and follow this game's plot line closely).You are controlling "The Master Chief", a heavily armored and physically augmented "Spartan" super soldier. The various missions range rescuing a computer Artificial Intelligence to destroying important ancient relics, all the while battling hordes of "Covenent" soldiers (a large variety of species) and the creepy "Flood" (very menacing opponents, indeed).After many hours of game play, here are my observations:Great Storyline; very involved and engagingIntuitive Controls; easy to learn and well thought outOK Replay Value; changing the difficulty settings provides increased challengesGraphics; good but not great by newer game standardsTwo Player Mode; very fun, but the split-screen is a little confusing for me followWhile not critical to the enjoyment of the later games, it does provide the events that they build on and it is also fun to play.Recommended!CFH
3	B00005NZ1G	If you own an x-box and you haven't bought this game yet, WHY NOT!?The graphics are amazing, the controls are great, and the vechile mode suceeds where countless other games have failed.I would only make two negative comments - 1) the &quot;M&quot; rating is quite undeserved. &quot;T&quot; maybe, but &quot;M&quot; no way! 2)a lot of the game is very bright and colorful, it looks like something out of a Disney movie.Anyway, all that aside, Halo still wins my vote for best video game yet. You'll get addicted playing multiplayer against your friends. This game is going down as a classic.
3	B00005NZ1G	In the world of first person shooters, ID Software passes the baton to Bungi. The king is dead, love live the king. Arguably the greatest game ever made. It clearly beats out games like Doom3 and Half-Life2 simply due to replayability and multiplayer.
3	B00005NZ1G	First, let me get this out of the way: the hype for this game is too much.  The only way Bungie (the game's makers) could have met the hype is if God was on their support staff and the main character rolled around on a Segway Personal Transportation unit.That said, Halo is an excellent first-person console shooter.  The controls take a little while to master, but you'll quickly learn to appreciate the beautiful graphics and wonderful sound effects and voices.  Probably the &quot;epiphany moment&quot; for me was discovering that all the in-game cut-scenes (the parts that advance the story) were done with the game's engine and not pre-rendered graphics.  The fact it took so long for me to figure this out is indiciative of the polish put into the game.Definitely a rental, if not a purchase.
3	B00005NZ1G	I jumped onto the Halo series bandwagon after hearing the hype that led up to Halo 2's release in 2004.  Having beat that, I decided to try out the original on my Xbox and, needless to say, can say that this series is worth the hype.  Graphically, it cannot compare to Halo 3, which in itself cannot compare as well to games released this year (Halo 3 is, of course, already 3 years old).  But Halo's topnotch story, voice acting and script leaves the original, almost 10 years old, as one of the best games of all time.  While I prefer Halo 2 in terms of gameplay and overall storyline, Halo is in itself a perfect game for any gamer.
3	B00005NZ1G	There are only 2 great console first-person shooters, Goldeneye 64, and Halo.  Before I bought Halo, I couldn't see what the big fuss is about, but now I do - Halo is the Real Deal, a true Classic that you will play endlessly and fondly remember years from now.  With a huge and engaging single-player mode, a worthwhile co-op mode, 16 player multiplay that's as effortless as plugging a cord, great graphics and controls that fit like a glove, Halo holds its own against any FPS game on the PC.The essense of Halo is playing with other people.  Even in the first stages of the single player game, you are fighting alongside your fellow shipmates and marines.  Your buddies call out to each other and cover one another, and so do the bad guys.  It's cool to jump into a jeep or tank and see friends climb into the turrets and hang on the sides, turning the vehicle into a moble fortress.  At the times when you truly go solo, like infiltration missions or whatnot, you really do feel alone, sometimes like you're a one-man army and sometimes like the entire world is falling apart on top of your head.The story and the setting are very cool - you crash land on a giant ring-world of an ancient dead civilization, with structures and settings that are absolutely enormous, sometimes miles across.  I liked the ramp-up in difficulty, moving from large coordinated attacks to one-man army raids and on to thrilling moments when all you can do is clear a path to run through, because you're scared to death of what's behind you.  My only complaint is that some locations are recycled too often, and it seems that I revisited everything twice.Co-op is wonderful!  Somehow Microsoft made it seem as if they customized the game for co-op mode, without losing anything by playing in single-player mode.  Most FPS co-op is frustrating, as you struggle against enemies and situations designed for 1 person, not 2.  The maps are usually too small, and the enemies and weapons are too few.  Since Halo already has other good guys fighting in the game, the 2nd player is really just adding some intelligence to one of your buddies. It's so much fun I finished the game with a friend before I ever played it alone.Once you're bored with the story, you'll find some of the best multiplay modes I've ever seen.  You can connect 4 Xboxes with 4 players each, for 16 player mayhem.  The setup is effortless (it uses 10/100 ethernet cords and hubs, the same as your computer).  Game types include deathmatch and team deathmatch, capture the flag, hot bag, king of the hill, assault, racing and rally, and on and on.  Plenty of custom options, like unlimited grenades and all-player invisiblity keep things constantly changing.  One complaint about multiplayer (my 2nd and last complaint about hte entire game) is that there aren't enough maps to play on, and most of those maps are of the boxed-in maze type.If you own an Xbox, You should own this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Don't listen to the VERY FEW people that have said bad things about this game. This games is very fun, whether it's one player story, two player co-op, or multiplayer warfare. Halo is like the (new) Mercedes of XBOX. Its just like in real life you can be driving a brand new Mercedes-Benz ( or BMW, Jaguar,etc.) to work. Most people will be like &quot;oh thats nice&quot;, but then you'll have those one or two people like &quot;oh that car is just a peice of junk&quot; or &quot;yeah he everyone likes it now, but its gonna be funny when he has to make the payments.&quot; or something of that sort. So don't listen to the people below they are just &quot;Hating&quot; on this game or they have EXTREMELY bad taste.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is alot of fun, despite its age, the graphics are still nice and its multiplayer is great.  There are many game modes and maps, which makes the game well worth its price.  The singleplayer is also fun, i highly recommend this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought this game over four years ago and just have to say I must of replayed this game at least a dozen times (Start-Finish). This game was one of the major reasons I bought an Xbox then an Xbox 360. If you like to play shooters this game is for you.The graphics even by today's standards are very good. The campaign is best thought out story I have ever seen even better than movies. The only thing this game lacks is online play but this game was released just before Xbox Live came out. If you want to play online get the PC version or buy Halo 2. Once you beat this game get Halo 2 it was also an extremely good game. Halo 3 will be on sale for the Xbox 360 in a year hopefully less.
3	B00005NZ1G	If you are debating about buying this game, just know that is has been the main reason many people have even bought the xbox. It was for me...-Chris-Buy it, it's worth the $20 by far...
3	B00005NZ1G	Never owning an Xbox, I never understood this almost cult-like feel people have with Halo. Even my cousin and his friends holds weekly tournaments with linked up Xboxes. He's visiting now so he brought his Xbox and I rented this game just to see the fuss. Well now I can see what they were talking about, if only for a few hiccups.Story: Probably the biggest bad ass since Dante from Devil May Cry, Master Chief finds himself in a struggle against the Covenant, who are using a massive structure called Halo to wipe out life on Earth. On Halo is an actual environment you can walk around. On this, is a strange alien race that also wants to use Halo.Sound/Music: Like Halo 2, this game has great music you can't help getting pumped at. It's like the perfect music to kick ass with. Voice acting is nice with the still hilarious Grunts providing their battle cries. Weapons obviously sound like weapons but there's not a lot to hear besides your footsteps.Gameplay: Since I played Halo 2 first, I missed having some things. The option to duel wield is nowhere to be found and I only found myself driving a Warthog and a Ghost and a Banshee. What got annoying during play was when you get shot and your health severely goes down forcing you to recharge your shield. Unfortunately, this thing is so bad that if you were to get shot during this, it stops the recharging which is really slow giving the tension that happens in battle. I died more on this one than Halo 2, which I guess means that one's easier.The level design is seriously crappy. In one stage, I went through a room, then down a lift, to the same damn room, down a corridor, down another lift, through the same room again! And this happened very often. Even when I thought it was done, there was STILL this same thing(you'll notice the arrows and the circular rooms, these rooms will repeat a lot). The other noticeable complaint is the lack of a map. I wandered around so many times hoping to find out where I'm going but Nav points, helpful indicators only happen so often, which means barely.Again, can't comment on multiplayer but I hear it's fun so I'm sure that's fun too.
3	B00005NZ1G	Great, Great game.  Best shooting game I have ever played.  Incredible graphics, Great, interactive game play.  Great story. Makes you wish Halo 2 was out already.The only thing that was not that great, in my opinion, were the zombie like characters later in the game.  I think they detracted from a game that had incredible beutiful graphics and scenes.  I hope Halo 2 dumps the stupid zombies.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a science fiction based game.It is also a First Person Shooter.Arguably the best shooter to date.Halo takes place in a futuristic imaginative world.With aliens bent on filling out a prophecy.You play as a cyborg/human who is the last of his kind.Created by years of work and research.You fight the aliens (the covenent) gun to gun in this epic other wordly game.You guide marines in battle and go over many landscapes.From beaches to mountainous snowy horizons.You crash land on an ancient planet.With an mechanical touch.It's name is Halo and it's shaped like a ring.Hordes of aliens out number you,but you have many options on how to approach this.You can creep about and take them down one by one or gun them all down and toss a few grenades to sweeten the deal.This game has builtin co-op wich is the prime meat of this game in my opinion.Co-op lets you replay the story the same exact way but 2 cyborgs now take on such a challenge.You and a friend can easily overcome the on comming frauth easily with teamwork.Change the diffaculty and let your enemies now have a bigger one-up on you.They are now smarter and stronger,and they actually use these new abilities.The multiplayer plays out like any other FPS,gun down friends or catch a flag.Heres the catch you can make your own game type awsome.The vehicles are stunning and crafty from the tanks to the gohst(a futuristic enemy craft).The weapon variety is fantastic.Handguns are nice with an optical zoom for tactical operations.Snipers and AR rifles are in here with nice new touches.The alien weapondry is vast and advanced and lower shields easily.Fight a parasitic creature the covenent fear and find the truth of Halos purpose at the depths of Halo center.Work along side your fellow marines to the very end and last but not least make it out alive.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is a truly amazing game.  I bought it after seeing reviews on the internet, and just needing a good game because XBox didn't have many.  I was amazed!!!  The graphics are about the best I've seen.  The sounds are amazing.  The music is so good they acually turned out a CD of it.  And it sells well!!!  The game play is great, and the level design is great.  The game is kinda short.  I beat it in about a 18 hour rally the first night I had it.  But, I still love to play through the story mode because they are some many little details that I find each time through that I had missed before.  You must have this game!!!Also, when you are done with the story mode, play it online.  Me and my friends have been playing Halo constantly online for over a year now, and we're still not tired of it.  We still get together twice a week to play.  This makes for a game with HUGE replay value.  I've never had a game that I've got so much out of.  You can play up to four players on one Xbox, and either use a ethernet cable to connect a couple of Xboxs, or use the tunneling services that are on the internet (like xbconnect) to play online with hundreds of people.  All you need is a hub, a couple of ethernet cables, a computer, and a broadband connection.  Just hook your modem to the hub, connect the hub to your computer, and hook the Xbox to the hub.  Download and install the tunnel program and your set.  I just can't get enough of it.  Go through the story mode first so that you learn the controls before you go online.  Then, get some friends together and have a Halo party!!!  You'll be glad you did.See Ya
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is an example of a breakthrough in videogaming. I have been playing video games for about 10 years now, and halo is the best example of an all around game that i have seen to date. It has a superb storyline, graphics that haven't yet been riveled by any system, and unseen realism. You are a Marine sent to destroy a race called the covenant, i won't tell you the rest, buy the story plays out like a novel. The multiplayer feature on Halo has depth and invloves more levels that i have seen in a while. As of now, Halo is the best game on Xbox and one of the best games ever made by any system. Halo has done for Microsoft what Mario did for Nintendo, it is a system buyer, you by the system for the game. Halo is the reason that i have been playing video games for so long.
3	B00005NZ1G	WARNING: there is a newer version of this game for the xbox 360 it is called halo cobat evolved anniversary and has better graphics firefight and everything else as wellHeres how my reviews go first I say how fun and overall how good the game was youll get story review to but for this one its pretty short. I then go over multiplayer. The last thing I write is for what age group could play it and if the rating is accurate.I can't tell how good this game was even the AI is great especially the Marines the "starship troopers of this game" are incredibly good. The weapons you end up using in this game are just fun theres all sorts of assault rifles and pistols and many others as well. The levels in this game are very unique even if three of them are reused later on it makes sense for them to be reused in the story. The story is revolutionary it even holds up well today.The multiplayer is really really good and you can play the whole campaign in co-op but be warned there is friendly fire. The versus mode in this game is really only good when you have 4 players playing together.My younger brother can play this game and he's only 10 he's not even scared of any of it nothing in this game phases him so I would think it is appropriate for anyone from 10+ as long as it is a really mature 10 year old. In the game you aren't even fighting virtual humans your fighting bizarre looking aliens and there isn't that much blood either the game isn't scary either the game shouldn't have been rated mature it should have been rated teen so if your thinking about bying this for one of your kids go ahead and get it if their mature and if you're worried about something just play the first level with them it will be fun for them as well just to be playing with there parents.
3	B00005NZ1G	I loved the game, beat it twice with my friend Nic. but there was one thing that really stank...the weapon selection was thin, as was the vehical selection. And I think the master chief had just a little to much ability  to resist enemy fire. I was hoping for more of a battle filled game with more veriaty of weapons and power ups. but I did like the grenades. In other FPS's you have to hav ethe grenade as a weapon. in halo you can shoot then throw a grenade when needed. This game also only has four main enemies with one other type. the flood. but each type of allian race has about two or three different levels of it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, WAIT FOR THE SECOND ONE!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This is a very good game with very good graphics for its time and amazing game play. There just isnt enough good things to say about this classical game it will go down in the books as one of the best games of all time along with its sequal which is even beter.This game is very fun ,looks great and detailed and has a very good story line and bad ass main character to play with.Every thing from the guns to the vehicles feel uniqe and look good and the aliens are very well done. This was the best game out not only for the xbox but for any  consol but until halo2 came out it even did beter and was a much beter game. This game is still great and even a few years after i beat i still have fun playing it and campaign is still great ,this game just never gets old.Any true xbox fan knows how amazing this game is and even if you don have xbox its worth buying just for this.This is beter than any other popular games for other consols such as gta's,zelda,marios, half life 2 and all the others.What else can i say besides this is the game responsible for me buying my xbox in the first place and realizing what i was missing out on for so long .ITS JUST ONE OF THE BEST GAMES TO COME OUT IN A LONG LONG TIME.Buy it if u didnt already!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the best game i have ever seen for pc xbox anything. it got a great story and great sound track. there are no real "cheats" so it make the game that much more challenging.the best level to play is bloody gulch. so if you like 1st person shooter game this is one worth a try.....
3	B00005NZ1G	With graphics that are comparable to James Bond: Agent Under Fire, with slightly better textures, and cheesy, often childish sound effects its a wonder this game is a popular as it is. I am not a fan of first person shooters, and here is why... Control. This game needs to be on a PC. It has a very mouse and keyboard feel to its control set up, a set up that does not work well with a control paddle. Still, despite these quips Halo manages to be a very good story with a lot of possibilities. I have not finished the game, but despite my complaints I will probably have to at some point buy it. Maybe when the price goes down. For future installments it is my hope that Microsoft will remember that the XBox is a console, not a PC, and will develop more console user-friendly controls in the vein of Goldeneye in the future. They may also want to consider not having than baddies laughing maniacally as you're blasting them into tiny pieces. I will probably buy the PC version so I can use the mouse and keyboard. It will feel less awkward to me.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo for Xbox is a great game.  The story of the game is about the human race and alien race called Covenant that are in a war.  It is a first person shooter which means you play through the players eyes(yu can't see yourselves)  The graphicks in this game are excellant.  The AI (artificial intelligence)is very impressive in this game unlike alot of first person shooters.  But this game isn't flawless either, since you can only carry two weapons at a time.  But other than that this game is really good.  it is the best game for the Xbox(besides Morrowind)  This game is highly reccomended.  You must buy it!!!Grade A+~Dan~~~
3	B00005NZ1G	I don't like first person shooters, but this game got me hooked. I have 4-5 games, and when people come over, this is the only game they play... everything else is just secondary.You will not be disappointed.
3	B00005NZ1G	The game came in perfect condtion works good i recommend getting this game its a blast to play on. : )
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the best first-person shooter game that I've had the opportunity to play.  Many people compare it to Goldeneye, but it is vastly superior - both in gameplay and in graphics.  Because of the built-in Xbox rumble-pak (in every controller), it rumbles as you fire weapons.  Live grenades stick to enemies that you hurl them at, and the enemy flips out (some charge you, some scream).  Nothing compares to cruising around in a tank as you cooperatively play with a friend who lies on the side sniping bad-guys.  Even after the single-player campaign is done, the multiplayer deathmatches will last just as long as in Goldeneye.  This one is a classic, folks.
3	B00005NZ1G	A great nostalgic addition to your collection if you haven't played the original Halo since it came out, actually I bought it about 4-5 years later but it's a great game none the less.
3	B00005NZ1G	I was a former PC gamer, until I grew tired of the fact of having to update my hardware every year, which brings along a huge price tag, of having to download drivers, and having to worry about installation problems!!  That's why a year ago, I was willing to give up great graphics and performance for the single fact that in a console you just plug the thing to a socket, plug it to any normal TV and you can go on and play.  My main area of gaming was FPS's, I have played any major FPS since the old days of Wolfenstein 3D, Doom, Doom 2, Quake, Dark Forces, Jedi Knight, Alien Vs Predator, etc.  I had too much fun with this games, but I always had the sensation that something was missing, I always wanted to share my hapinness with a friend, and somehow I was never hooked into online playing.  Until I heard and read, and read all over again about this great game "Halo", at first I didn't buy the hype because I have seen many FPS games out there and so many of them just didn't satisfy me.  But I gave it a chance (and bought an Xbox because of it) specially after I traded PC gaming for console gaming (which is so much comfortable), and I was so very pleased and happy to have bought Halo, despite all you may have read about this game nothing comes closer to your own experience with it.  Its gameplay is almost as a religious experience, really, one of the things that I always wanted to do was to play cooperatively with a friend in the story mode (rather than against a friend), and you can not experience Halo completely until you take a friend and play co-op, it's just tons of fun, hours will go by and you will be stuck there without being able to do anything else.  I personally had some problems with my wife because of it.  The other thing that I find great about this game is the fact that the marine soldiers that fight with you really participate and make a difference, that's something I have not experienced in any other FPS game before, you end up thinking "where is my squad" or "I have to take care of my men", whoever has watched "starship troopers" or "Aliens" will know what I am talking about, it is about the feeling of combat, and Halo is a great Combat Simulator!!! Besides these great features you have the fact that you get to drive some vehicles, a feature that it is not so innovative as some people has mentioned because I have seen it before in other FPS games, but in this game it becomes part of the combat simulation so it helps to build up the atmosphere.  The graphics are great, but nothing that would surprise very much to a PC gamer, but anyways, I think that this game is first generation Xbox game so I would expect Halo 2 to deliver a greater graphic experience than Halo (so God please deliver us Halo 2!!).The one thing I don't like about this game is that it is kind of short, you know, what am I going to play if I don't have Halo?  Well, I am going to try the legendary mode and see how I do.Finally, this game is a must for any FPS gamer, it makes worth buying an Xbox just for itself, so go for it and experience it for yourself, and take a friend with you and you will know what I am talking about.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is without a doubt one of the best games that I have ever played since Grand Theft Auto III.  The graphics are outstanding and there are none of those annoying glitches that make gameplay easier or harder (such as being able to fall through the ground in GTA vice city or the incredibly stupid hostages in Socom Navy seals).  Not that this game doesn't provide a challenge.  4 difficulty levels (easy, normal, heroic, and legendary) allow you to put you skills to the test throughout 10 imaginative levels.  Not that this game is entirely without fault, however.  The dificulty levels aren't moderated at quite the right ratios.  I completed the game on easy in about 7 hours (not at once) but on normal, I was killed about 5 times on the same level.  Also, the multiplayer doesn't have bots (computer controlled characters) that you can use, so there has to be at least two peple playing and even then it's not as fun as it could be.  These minor flaws, though, do not detract from the game to a significant degree and I can gaurantee you that you will absolutely love this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Excellent!! I would give it 5 stars but it angered methat I couldn't control my character with the D-Pad!!Using the sticks just isn't the same.Too touchy and jerky.Im mostly into racing games and I just can't get into thesticks for shooter games.But on the plus side the game itselfwas so insane,I had no choice but to play it,whether I likedthe controls or not,I was damn well gonna play it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Tired if you ask me.  Bought it, sold it within a week.
3	B00005NZ1G	HALO is absolutly 100% the worst game on any system! The graphics are terrible, and the plot line is horendous! The multie-player mode adds extra [stuff] and it is crummy also! Here is the truth about HALO!!!Graphics: YUK! it moves 30 sec. per frame instead of 60, but still... THEY ARE AMAZING!!!GAMEPLAYI think ill be sick, it didnt win that title the best EVER for a reason and this is why.It is super short and a pain in the but to beat!!!Fun Factor: VERY, VERY DULL! It is a shooting thriller and thats about it! IT IS INCREDIBLY STUPID!OVERALL IT IS A MUST BUY!!! [bad]job by MICROSFOT(we expect better
3	B00005NZ1G	Dang, I really really wish this game would come out on Gamecube...oh well.This game looks awesome! sadly for me, I can't play it on a count of my owning a gamecube and not an xbox. I mean dont get me wrong, GameCube is the best darn system I have ever played! But this game....from what I have heard it is the best shooter there is, and I have read a lot of reviews on all the new games for all the new systems, and this is probly my number 1 on the list of games I wish were on Gamecube. Speaking of which, I think ill just go ahead and list thoes games...1.Halo(XBox)2.Final Fantsy X(PS2)3.Oddworld: Munch's Oddesey(XBox)4.Grand Theft Auto 3(PS2)5.Metal Gear Solid 2(PS2)6.Actually, thats about itSo anyway, this game looks like one of the best, and definatly the best for XBox.As my ending note, XBox and PS2 are great, but GameCube rocks the house!
3	B00005NZ1G	My brother and I stayed up all day and night to beat this game soon after it came out. I just bought another copy to play purely due to nostalgia. Plus, I love sniping people with the pistol.
3	B00005NZ1G	I wouldn't change a thing about Halo.  The game is so well thought out, so well designed from the levels to the art to the heavy THUNK sound when you drop a plasma rifle on the grass.  You have to give yourself over to it when you find yourself doing things you have always dreamed about doing in a game but haven't been able to until now.  The freedom with the weapons and vehicles, the realistic physics of grenade explosions and flying bodies, the wind rustling in the trees and the babbling brooks, the dark caverns and impossibly deep complexes, EVERYTHING puts you under a spell.  You feel real emotions when you play this game.  I laughed my head off in many situations.  I felt my blood pressure go up while I staved off two angry Hunters as I searched dead bodies for left-over grenades.I felt superior and powerful and I sat in my perch and sniped at aliens patrolling the entrance to a vast complex.  It's just the abolute best gaming experience I've had since the glory days of old Mario and Zelda.  You just sit back and stare at the menu screen, watch the giant Halo slowly spinning through space and think, I'm gonna go down there, I'm gonna be somewhere on that ring, and it's gonna be awesome.  You hit the start button and you know what?  It is.
3	B00005NZ1G	Great fun, and good enough to convert all those non-FPS fansI didn't like FPS's until I played Halo.  I had played Quake and Red Faction, both of which had average graphics and game play.  But Halo is a game that is so addictive it could take over your spare time and convert you into a FPS-loving fanatic.  The graphics are often breathtaking - there is so much detail that, without exception, everything looks better up close.  The bark on the trees looks so real that you feel like stripping it off and making a bonfire whilst singing kumbaya and toasting marshmallows with your fellow marines.  When a grenade explodes, dirt fountains up in the air in a spectacular fashion, giving you a new appreciation of soil.  The waterfalls look so good that you wish you had a camera.  Rocks look like rocks.  The list is endless.  The game play is great fun, with some awesome weapons and vehicles - the Scorpion Tank ranks as one of the best vehicles ever in a video game - as well as an incredible cooperative mode that is five times more fun than playing alone.  All the weapons have their uses, and despite being limited to carrying two at a time, there are so many weapons littered about the levels that it hardly matters.Halo is basically divided up into two halves - the first five levels you battle the Covenant, whilst in the last five levels you battle both the Flood and Covenant.  The Covenant is an amusing bunch of aliens, whilst the Flood are mutant-zombies who overtake the bodies of their victims.  Occasionally you'll come across Flood and Covenant forces engaged in epic battles, and it is up to you whether you want to help sway the outcome of the battle, wipe everyone out with guns blazing, or simply stand back and watch the outcome.  Fighting the Covenant is fun, since they are well-designed and seemingly have a lot of personality - the Grunts, especially, will cry out sayings such as:  "Die, devil, die!";  "Run away!";  "He's going to kill us all!";  "There's TWO of them!".  Whilst fighting The Covenant I felt some joy at massacring large numbers of an alien civilization.  They cried, they grunted, they shouted with rage as I continuously pummeled them with gunfire.The first five levels are the best, particularly levels three, four and five.  It's in the first half of the game that you mostly fight on battlefields with your other marines, enjoying the intensity of war.  Halo really shines when the action takes place on an open battlefield, with Covenant aircraft and hovercraft zooming around - that is, until you whip out your rocket launcher and destroy them.  Even better is the fun that can be had with the sniper rifle, taking out Covenant Elite or gun emplacements before they even see you.  Shooting your own men is also a hoot, especially blowing them up with plasma grades.  I love watching a marine waving his arms wildly in the air whilst running around in circles and shouting "Oh god oh god oh god!" ... just before he blows up and another marine turns to me and says "You killed him, man!"  If you kill too many of your own men, they turn on you, and that's about the only time in the game when cursing is heard.  The oaths aren't anything that you wouldn't hear on an episode of "Friends."  Your marines will also compliment you on your fighting ability, saying things such as "Nice shot!" or "He's unstoppable!"  They also say mildly amusing things.  One marine will say, "See?  They're not so tough," and another will reply, "I hear some of them are wearing skirts."My favorite level is number five, with some amazing snow effects and a large variety of vehicles and weapons.  Level four is the exact same as the demo level.  The demo level was on normal difficulty.  Halo is an entirely different experience when you play it on the "Legendary" difficulty level.  On Legendary you have to play very defensively, and the tension as you duck constant barrages of plasma bolts is palpable.  Several times I found myself with sweaty hands.  Other levels include settings such as alien ships, beaches, cliff faces, swamps, and seemingly endless corridors.  Levels 8, 9 and 10 are repeats of levels 5, 3 and 1 respectively, which is a slight letdown.Overall, a great game, and the best I have played on either xbox or ps2.  Definitely worth a purchase.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is like a movie that keeps getting better.  I never thought a game would suck me in the way this has.  Everything about the game is original.  The AI is amazing the way it tries to outsmart everything you do.  You actually have to think, because if you die and start over the enemy is completely different in tactics.  You also have to swap guns and be a sniper.  There is so much more that you do that its hard to explain it all without ruining it for you fans.
3	B00005NZ1G	(...) Well, not only is Halo by far the best FPS for a console I've ever played, it's the best FPS I've EVER played, and one of the best GAMES, period. If this is what we can expect from the Xbox, well, thank God I have one, that's all I can say.Typically, no shooter can compare with the holiest of holys, Half-Life. Half-Life has been the pinnacle of what the genere was capable of, and nothing could ever quite match it.'Till now, anyway.Halo rolls everything you could want in a shooter all into one package, save online play. You want immense outdoor environments? Here you go. Tons of weapons? Okay, we'll let you use the human weapons AND the alien weapons, how's that? Good AI? Try this. On the hardest difficulty level, the enemies will position sqauds on either side of any given hidey-hole you're cowering in, toss a good number of grenades to flush you out, and mow you down from two different directions when you make a run for it. Should you somehow live through that, they'll regroup, laying down cover fire, and try to split up and circle around you, leaving the tougher troops to face you head-to-head while the smaller guys gang up and shoot you in the back while the others have you engaged.What else, you say? Well, okay. Every game like this has a gimmick. Half-Life had the fact that you could take guards and scientists with you. Red Faction had the fact that you could blow holes in walls. Halo? Ohhh. Let's count 'em.For one thing, you have your Marines. They will fight WITH you, and they're no slouches. They react to the fight, think quickly, and will follow your lead but take the initiative if it presents itself. Flush an enemy out, and most often they're waiting to take it down. Need to snipe some enemies? They'll hold off until you're finished, and back you up if the enemies get too close.Next, there's the enemies. Each enemy has a very different way of attacking, be it head-on, defensive, swarming, bait-and-attack tactics, whatever. The alien weapons are actually no better than the human ones, but sometimes are preferrable given certain situations.Then we have the plot. While it's a little simple and contrived early on, there are major plot twists down the pipe. When you finally find out what Halo actually is, not to mention who really lives there, you'll be impressed by the scope of the story to say the least. It's Sci-Fi, but it's good Sci-Fi.Lastly, and easily the best, we have vehicles. LOTS of vehicles. Get in the Marine Warthog jeep and a Marine will jump in back, manning the cannon. If he gets taken out, you can jump in the back  yourself and use the gun. If a friend is playing with you, have HIM drive while you shoot, or vice versa. In one instance, I was driving a tank while my friend rode on it with a Sniper Rifle. I'd shell an area, and he'd pick off stragglers with the rifle. You can steal enemy air fighters and use them in skirmishes, or use them to back up a buddy on the ground. If you distract the enemies by flying overhead, he can get closer unnoticed until it's too late for the enemies. Knock enemies out of stationary gun turrets and climb in yourself.Enemy placement is randomized a bit, so no two battles are ever alike. Voice acting is quite good, graphics are beautiful and have NO slowdown at all, and the sounds have a great deal of OOMPH to them.This game raises the standard for all shooters to come. This is American game making at it's pinnacle, and if you've ever wanted the ideal action game, here it is.NO Xbox owner should be without this game!
3	B00005NZ1G	I can't rate this game highly enough. It has variable skill levels for the different kinds of gamers out there and boasted the best multiplayer capabilities of any game up until and including its time. Superb graphics, sound, and control schemes.
3	B00005NZ1G	The organization I work for used to be Mac based. Therefore, back in the mid-90s we played a lot of Marathon on our LAN. It was more or less the Mac's answer to the PC's Doom, but it was far more cerebral. It told a complex tale through the eyes and text of computer AIs which guided you through the game. While the network co-worker vs. co-worker games were sinfully fun, the single player game was also incredibly engrossing. Shortly after the Marathon 2 demo was out, a bunch of us had to shift from Mac to PC due to some software issues. No more Marathon for us. Sometime later Quake hit, and that became our LAN game of choice. The single player mode was OK, but nowhere near as engaging as Marathon's. I also played lots of FPSs on my home consoles, like Disruptor and Tenka on the PSX, Turok and Goldeneye on the N64. Turok was my favorite of the console FPSs; rather than the almost non-existant story drawing me in, it was the environments, level layouts, graphics, and sheer game play that grabbed me. It also introduced what I considered to be the perfect home console FPS control scheme ever devised, i.e. using the analog stick to control looking. I couldn't believe it when Goldeneye didn't use it as the default setup. Turok 2 was the last FPS I really got into. I loved it, but it was such a grueling, herculean task of a game. Beating it nearly killed me, and I was utterly and completely burned out on the entire FPS genre when I finished it. I tried getting into Perfect Dark when it came out, but I just couldn't. I played it for a few levels, then it became a dust collector. Even System Shock 2 failed to engage me. The point of all of this is, when Halo was heralded as "perhaps the greatest FPS ever" my response was "No thanks, I'm done with those games." I was so burned out that even the fact that it was made by the same developer that made Marathon wasn't enough to get me interested. (Yet I did somehow play a lot of Quake III and Counterstrike at one point because one of my friends had an oddly contagious addiction to them...)I didn't have any plans to buy an Xbox for a long time. Eventually it was announced that a new Panzer Dragoon game, created by original members of Team Andromeda, would be an Xbox exclusive. That was when I knew that I'd be buying an Xbox someday. Last week, I used my lunch hour to run to a game shop to buy a game. The game I wanted wasn't in stock. Not wanting to leave empty handed, I decided to get my looming Xbox purchase out of the way. The clerk asked me if I wanted a game with it, but I hadn't given that any thought. He recommended Halo, and I replied that I wasn't really interested in an FPS. He seemed genuinely shocked and warned me that I would probably be the only Xbox owner in the world who didn't have a copy of Halo. I ended up buying Silent Hill 2: Restless Dreams, even though I'd already played it on PS2. (My drooling fanboy anticipation of the just-announced Silent Hill 3 made me do it. And it has a little extra scenario that wasn't in the PS2 version.) When I got back to my office, buyer's remorse kicked in and so I started reading up on Halo since I knew virtually nothing about it. Warm and fuzzy Marathon nostalgia washed over me. Suddenly the idea of playing a new FPS didn't seem so ponderous. I only had to read a couple of Halo reviews before I decided to give it a try. Thank God I did. I've been playing this game non-stop for over a week now. Even if Panzer Dragoon were never to hit the Xbox, my purchase of the console has already been justified. The story may not be *quite* as heady as Marathon's, it's still an excellent sci-fi story, better than most you'd find in an action game.I've played nearly every FPS ever released, and it's been a long time since I've seen one this fresh. The epic environments, the satisfying weapons, the perfectly-tuned controls, the dastardly AI, the innovative health and weapon carrying systems, the hilarious random in-battle dialogue coming from both your allies and your enemies, the classic sci-fi story... this game delivers on every level. And I haven't even touched the multiplayer yet. I can hardly believe it's on a console rather than a personal computer. Do not pass on this game. I can't stop playing it, and can already tell I'll be playing it for a long time to come.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have decided to review this game for the buyer who is still skeptical about this game.  It took me a long time to finally purchase this game as I thought it was not my type of game.  I was wrong.  I turned out to be the best all around game I have ever played.  If graphics, story, sound, player involvement and ease of play are what you are looking for in a game, this is the one to one.  This game has been out for a few years now and it looks like the first game with the ability to top this game will be Halo 2... we shall see.  Read all the other review if you want a more technical review.
3	B00005NZ1G	It's a lot like Turok 2 and Half-Life. I think it actually had more dinosaurs than Turok 2, though! The multiplayer is fun, especially co-op missions, but 2 players aren't enough for good multiplayer. The storyline is derivative and that makes me tune out and care less. There are many dull moments in mazes of corridors, where the areas are repetitive and that contributes to getting lost and/or bored. Level design is bland technocrap, though sometimes perfectly epic-looking. You essentially open locked doors and search in between enemies, and that's just not good gameplay. It's best when there are many vehicles and enemies around, with friends playing with you, open areas are numerous and dry. Single player is ... somewhat tedious, co-op multi can be great but the graphics are smaller and enemies harder to hit (I won't praise the game just for multi). Multiplayer Vs. isn't worth it unless you have 3 or 4 people and controllers on. I think controlling the Warthog should be easier, and more weapons should have a scope. I liked how the Marines would speak to you during the game, but they just say goofy stuff. You can't use your own music ingame, either. I wish there was one weapon w/ infinite bullets. Overall, this is a pretty good shooter, but rent to see if it's for you or not first, I wish it had more battles in larger outdoor levels and better gameplay surrounding them. What really bothers me, is that people say this is the Xbox's answer to RARE's Masterpiece, 'GOLDENEYE 007", when it isn't. Ultimately, it's just so overrated. (...)
3	B00005NZ1G	This game has a great storyline, and I have enjoyed the character development as well as gameplay, but the thing that kept me from giving this game 5 stars was the controls.My biggest pet peeve is a game with controls so complicated that you spend more time learning the controls than you do defeating the game.That said, this game isn't quite that bad.  The only difficult thing is using the two thumbsticks for movement (see an XBox controller if you're not familiar).  The left thumbstick is all movement.  Up and down moves you forward and backward, while left and right strafe (move sideways without turning).  The right thumbstick is for head movements.  Up and down look up and down, while right and left look right and left.  If you want to go around a left corner and actually be facing any enemies there, you have to press forward with the left thumbstick and left with the right thumbstick.***The reason it is annoying is this: If you accidentally find yourself pressing the slightest bit forward or backward when you are turning left or right, you will be staring at the sky or ground instead of your enemies.  Until I learned the controls well, I kept dying.
3	B00005NZ1G	Back in the fall of 2001, I didn't want to play the XBox. I thought that Bill Gates was trying to monopolize my beloved pastime, the holy hobby of video games. So I didn't play it, that is, until my friend made me play Halo in the Spring of 2002.My mind was instantly changed.Halo is not just another video game, it's more of an experience that on higher difficulty levels, you don't just play, you survive. The story is well-planned and well-paced, the weapons are oh-so-cool, the digital surround sound helps to hear behind you (online challengers don't stand a chance), the music is stirring and epic, and the graphics are simply jaw-dropping. Nothing I've played in the past year has put these essential components together quite like Bungie Studios has with Halo. Single player missions are a blast, and you actually feel like you are a super-soldier fighting an alien menace on a strange artificial ring-world in the middle of who-knows-where. But playing by yourself misses the thrill of this game completely.Anyone with broadband access can use GameSpy Arcade, download the necessary components, cheaply purchase extra equipment, and go online to show the world what you are made of. Multiplayer separates the kids from the adults more than any other console game I have EVER played. To survive, you must be strategic, yet ruthless. You must know the levels, know how to hide, know how to shoot accurately, and know how to move effectively. Once you take some time to master these skills, you feel like you've accomplished something great...Oh, and if you have friends with copies of Halo, use the biggest room you have to link up 4 XBoxes for 16-player deathmatches (the one catch, every 'Box has to have its own TV). Trust me, nothing brings friends together like 8-on-8 Team Combat. You run to the shotgun room to take care of the weapons cache, Friend #1 runs to the Rocket Launcher for heavy artillery, Friend #2 takes up a sniper position with Active Camouflage (think Predator), Friend #3 waits at the end of the bridge with Fragmentation Grenades, Friend #4 packs a Plasma Rifle to slow down enemies and destroy their shields, Friends #5 and #6 secure medical packs for the squad, while #7 and #8 go freelance and be bait/avengers. And that's just an example of the Slayer mode, where the most kills wins. You've got King of the Hill modes, Capture the Flag, Oddball (he/team that holds the ball for the longest amount of time wins), Races and more. And it's not just mindless killing, all these modes require team strategy and underatanding of the playing field terrain. The more you know about where you are, the better off you'll be when the scores are final.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the best x box game ever. Me and my friends play system link, capture the flags all the time and it is awesome.I like how you can play missions with 2 players.It has awesome weapons and vehicles.I can't wait for halo 2 to come out but i don't know how it will ever top number 1. I strongly reccomend that everyone buys this game.... don't be left out!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	I recently purchased an Xbox and being a fan of the FPS genre thought i had better give Halo a try. Even with all the hype i figured it was just another good first person shooter. Whew was i pleasantly surprised. Great graphics, fast paced and highly addictive. Its not just hype folks its the real deal. Can't even stop playing. Looking forward to Halo 2. A+++
3	B00005NZ1G	My first exposure to Halo came almost exactly one year before I actually purchased an Xbox. A friend had received the system for Christmas, and had already decided that the only game he'd be playing for the next six months was this one. A little cautious myself, I picked up the gigantic black controller with the clear bubble in its center, and embarked on the first of many four player fiascos. Truth be told, this is a very easy game to pick up on. Much like the N64's Goldeneye, it's quite simple to learn but nearly impossible to master. And, also as in Mr. Bond's Nintendo 64 excursion, there's really nothing I can say here to prepare you for the absolute madness which awaits you in the multiplayer mode.Perhaps the most notable feature of the multiplayer mode is the ability to customize your character. With the Box's hard drive allowing for an almost infinite number of saves, it doesn't take long for the list of names in your player select screen to become unwieldy. It's something that was previously reserved for online PC players; there's no more guessing about who just killed you or who's controlling the tank. It's printed, right there on your screen, in bold letters. In addition to that, there's the underspoken ability to create, tweak and save your own game types. If you're hooked on deathmatches with multiple vehicles, no radar and infinite grenades, you need only make that selection once. The system saves all the information, so you won't need to select all the same settings the next time you're hungry for a deathmatch. It's an enormous part of what makes Halo so good, but it's also something that's very easily overlooked.The single player, mission-based game is unbelievable. It amazes me how far the First Person Shooter has come since it took its first baby steps in the mid 90s, and Halo is currently the cream of the crop. You portray the "Grand Master", a legendary warrior cryogenically frozen and revived in Humanity's darkest hour. Players never see his face, but his deep voice quickly confirms both his identity and his authority. There's a REASON he's our last hope, and the experience heard in his voice misleads gamers into believing they're legends in and of their own right. It's a really cool feeling, to say the least.Unfortunately, for a game of such visual importance, the actual characters themselves aren't everything I'd hoped for. You'll endure a few cutscenes that probably shouldn't be there; eyes and lips move clunkily. The seams are showing. Make no mistake, the big names and faces in Halo don't give Final Fantasy X's cast a run for their money. The captain (one of the game's centerpiece characters) is emotionless, and difficult to form an emotional tie with... which takes away from the impact of later levels, when you race against time to save his life. Cortana, a computer-generated hologram, is obviously meant to be the most visually stunning character in the game... and even she falls short. The real stars of the show are the enemies, but they're afforded the luxury of being completely new designs.But while the character models aren't as incredible as I'd expected, the surrounding scenery alone makes up for it, and then some. You'll see individual blades of grass. You'll see the blood squirt momentarily out of an enemy, moments after you've shot him, and then pulse along the rhythm of his heartbeat. You'll hide behind individual leaves, or behind the thick mist accumulating beneath a waterfall. It's simply unbelievable.I'll again draw the comparison to Goldeneye when it comes to controls. There's no question, the system's controller was designed specifically with this game in mind. After a couple plays, you'll be jumping, tossing grenades, firing, ducking, and striking enemies with the butt of your rifle. For god's sake, there's a button devoted to turning on and off your flashlight... AND IT'S CLEAR. Xbox developers may as well have labeled it the 'flashlight button.' Add to that a built in rumble feature, dual analog sticks (emulating the feel of a PC Shooter, where players use the keyboard and the mouse) and easy-to-reach trigger buttons, and you've got a sweet control setup. I don't have a bad thing to say about it.Where the visuals of non-playable characters are lacking, the audio most definitely is not. There are hundreds of possible quotes from this game, more depending on which difficulty level you're playing under. That's right, the tougher your setting, the more mature the language surrounding you. They weren't kidding when they said things get more realistic on the hardest difficulty. The voice acting is on par with a major motion picture, with a few exceptions. The production is just incredible... everything is crystal clear, whether you're chatting in an echoing hallway or on the battlefield. Dolby Digital Surround is supported, and that too is top notch. Nothing can express the value of knowing which direction a rocket is coming from, especially when your back is turned.The largest gripe I have with Halo is its bizarre, seemingly random awarding of checkpoints. No lie, I've been in the middle of the firefight when the system has decided to save my progress. While it doesn't immediately affect me, it does serve as a point of intense frustration when I die further down the line. Instead of reappearing in relative saftey to attempt the task again, I'm dropped right back into that firefight. It gives the player an unfair handicap, and ALWAYS catches him / her by surprise. I'd have much rather had the option to assign my own checkpoints.What it all boils down to is this; Halo is worth buying an Xbox over. It's the end-all, be-all Microsoft desperately needed to put themselves onto the map as a force in the home console business. It's everything you've heard it is, and more.
3	B00005NZ1G	Any Body who owns a Xbox should know by now what Halo is, but if you don't your really in the dark.Here's the story in the future the human race has really evolved!!!With space cruisers,colonies,and space marines.Somehow the human race comes in contact with aliens andare dragged into a war(what the aliens call a holy war). Bassically your a high tech super solider called the Spartan and you are hummanity's last hope.You'll find out the really impotant detaills when you play the game. Here's some advice don't rent it just buy it.Gameplay:Plainy awesome!!! Mowing down hundreds of aliens never felt better.5/5Graphics:Halo's graphics just awe me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5/5***Multi Player: Pretty cool,but no Xbox Live!!!4/5Replay Value: Do I really have to say anything!!!5/5This game may not be for everyone,but try it anyway you won't be sorry!!! I personally give it a 5/5I also reccomend:Halo 2 5/5Tron 2.0 3.9/5Jak 2 4.5/5Enter The Matrix 4.1/5
3	B00005NZ1G	Dang, this game is good. It looks good, better than nearly any console game I've seen. It sounds good, having nice effects and a good soundtrack. It feels good, with nice controls and the X-Box's amazing controller. It just is good. The story is engrossing and the gameplay is great. I haven't had this much prolonged fun with a single non-rpg console game in a long time. Why didn't I give it 5 stars? Because I'm not a huge fan of first-person shooters in general. And that's the only reason.As far as I can tell, there's only a couple very minor problems with the game. You can't use a keyboard and mouse, which isn't much of a problem because of the good controller setup. Also, the game doesn't support X-Box's soundtracking feature. It would be great to blast a bunch of Covenant forces with Metallica roaring through my stereo as part of the game.If you have an X-Box and you don't completely hate first-person shooters, you should get this game. If you have an X-Box and you like FPS, you absolutely must get this game. If you don't have an X-Box and like the genre, you should definitely consider picking the console and game up. :)
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is absolutely and, without any doubt, unbelievable - in everyway.  Bungie truly out-did themselves on this title, and Microsoft made probably one of the most intelligent moves in picking up this HOT company to be a first party developer.First off, I have no motives in this review - I'm an open gamer who enjoys ANY type of gaming genre, as long as the game is done well and has some form of creativity and thought put into it.  This game is THE definitive reason to run out and buy the Xbox.  This is an incredible FPS game in all ways (graphics/sound, controls, and content).  Halo, in every way, exceeded my lofty expectations (3 years in the making).  And to think, this is a first generation title. I was skeptical of what the Xbox would have going for it, but as long as they have Bungie I will have faith.Halo: Combat Evolved is simply INCREDIBLE!
3	B00005NZ1G	My company bought an Xbox for the breakroom and about 10 games for it.  Halo immediately became the favorite and has been since December.  Halo is unlike any console game I have ever seen.  In fact, I have yet to see a PC game match is fluidity, realism and near seamless animation.The campaigns are fun, but in my opinion, not the game's main attraction.  Halo's main attraction would have to be its multiplayer modes.  We have gone so far here as to link up 4 Xboxes and play 8v8 on some of the games larger maps.  What a blast, even our wives would have to admit we are having a better time than they do at their scrapbooking parties.As far as first person shooters go, Halo is not really my favorite genre.  I prefer the more realistic types like half-life but Halo is just so well done I have to make an exception.  The only flaw I see with the game is that the campaign levels are too repetitive.
3	B00005NZ1G	in case you needed a road map THIS is the launch title to own. Remember how you felt the first time you layed your hands on Metal Gear?  Tekken?  MK?  Doom?  Sonic?  Mario? ( anyone remember Space Invaders?)you get the point, now get the game.
3	B00005NZ1G	It is great to go back and play some of these games and see how far the games have gone.
3	B00005NZ1G	I played Halo in a 16-person multiplayer capture the flag competition at one of Microsoft's "Xbox Unleashed" parties.  I also got to watch a decent player run through a few levels of the single player mode.  The biggest issue with any first person shooter on a console is control.  Honestly speaking, Halo's control is just not as good as the classic PC mouse and keyboard setup.  And yet, for first person shooters on a console, Halo's control is a breakthrough.  I, and many others around me, were surprised by how easy it was to adjust to Halo's control scheme.  Furthermore, it is highly customizable, you can even adjust the sensitivity of at least one joy stick.  I would not be surprised to see claims in the future that Halo's control is superior to the mouse keyboard combination.Onto the graphics... Evil Empire or not, Microsoft delivered on the graphics in Halo.  Halo is a sunny world with bright blue skies complete with drifting clouds.  Jutting steel towers hiding vast underground complexes are set against a background of curved landscapes (another words, Halo's engine does curved surfaces and they are not afraid to show it off).  All the character models look and move organically and the vehicles, though somewhat derivative of Star Wars, are very cool.  I heard some complaints about frame rate from a guy on the losing team of our little competition, but I thought it played smoothly throughout.Because of the noise at the party, I can't judge the audio, but I can tell you that the game would be worth it with no sound at all.  Halo is packed with features, including, I'm told, new multiplayer game types and all the networking software needed to make hooking up your Xbox to a LAN, or directly to a cable modem, a snap.  And last but not least, lets not forget that the fun factor is high, after all you even get to jump into vehicles and mow down everything in your path.  Basically, I am willing to go out on a limb and say Halo looks like it will live up to, and maybe exceed, all the hype.  Buy an Xbox so you can play this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Now dont get me wrong, I like Halo as a shooter, but Halo can only go so far. The graphics are good, but having got a chance to play a level of Doom 3, it puts Halo to shame. Now I am waiting for Halo 2, which is going to match up to Doom 3. Halo is good for the XBOX, no doubt about it, but it lacks in some areas: The frame rate, it could of been up to 60 frames instead of 30. The maps are kind of hard to get used to, and the control for Halo and the XBOX alone are HORRIBLE! I found myself getting stuck while trying to drive the Hog, but I got used to it since I got a chance to play a couple of levels of the game.The game has some GREAT graphics, but I felt that the gameplay was not all that good, like most XBOX games due to that horrible controller, and the feel of the game unlike the PS2. I am not hating on the XBOX, but there is room for improvement on Halo; maps, control, and frame rate. Either than that, it is good.
3	B00005NZ1G	Came in great condition, just like it said. I did not have any problems. It came in exactly just like it said in the description.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game made Bungie famous. It has been said to be the best game ever, and it truely is. Halo has a story-line no one can beat, and it has an ending that leaves room for a squeal. Also, its graphics are amazing, along with the gameplay it self. I can literly call myself a major Halo fan.
3	B00005NZ1G	A classic to be sure, the storyline and graphics were ground-breaking for the time period, and it is nice to revist the classics such as this on a familiar console that we all know and love. Definitely worth the money!
3	B00005NZ1G	What can you say about this game? It is great. Huge environments. Swarms of alien enemies. Lots of action. Awesome graphics and immersive gameplay. It's a classic that deserves a spot in anyone's game library.
3	B00005NZ1G	HALO is an outstanding game. The first thing about the game that will strike you is its overall intelligence. The levels, your weapons, your friends, and your foes are all smartly designed. The graphics are superb (but limited by the quality of your television) and the sound and music are both very good as well. There is a story and it is pretty fun and a little surprising even at points.The game is not perfect. It has a tendancy to hold your hand a little too often and walk you through segments of missions where it might have been fun to figure out what to do on your own. The story is also fairly linear and you can't really get off the track they have set out for you. Finally, the game is screaming out for the ability to give orders to the marines that work with you, either individualy or to a squad.However, the above detractions are minor and do little to subtract from an incredible game. The single player mode of the game has a surprisingly large amount of replay value thanks to random elements and the several different strategies you can employ to attack any given combination of enemies (i.e. you can go the sniper route, the berserker route, or try different sets of weapons and so on). But it is the multiplayer modes of HALO that give the game an effectively infinite life. The cooperative mode is a blast and the deathmatches can and will drain hours and hours of your time as you run through all the different modes and options available.The bottom line is this: if you own an Xbox, you need to own this game. If you don't have an Xbox, HALO is, by itself, enough to justify the purchase.
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought this being very skeptical.  The teamplay aspect is great!  Friendly fire, running over your teammates, cooperation not seen in this deathmatch centered world.  Oh, it has that as well!
3	B00005NZ1G	If you are into scifi and shooters, then this is for you.  I played it through to the end but it didn't capture me as much as other games do. I would beat a level here and there and eventually beat the game.  Those dang warthogs are a pain to drive though! Geesh!  But the graphics and cutscenes are wonderful.  Recommended.
3	B00005NZ1G	this is by far the best launch title for Xbox. It's a terrific game from start to finish. The graphics are awesome and the multiplayer mode ensures it will last most gamers a loooong time. this will probably be Xbox's best exclusive game for a very long time as most of it's good games are conversions of great PC games. PC owners wil be gutted if this is exclusive to Xbox. have an Xbox BUY THIS!
3	B00005NZ1G	I liked the original Syphon Filter and its sequel. Three was a dissapointment. MGS2 had some really good parts, but the overly long video clips and convoluted story line made it frustrating and tedious. I also prefer the greater immersion of true first person shooters.Halo is the best console first person shooter period.I'm 56 and it took me well over a week the first time to get through Halo in normal mode. It has incredibly expansive and detailed scenery, terrain and architecture and the first person shooter physics and manual interface is the best of any game.I just managed to complete Halo in Heroic mode in about 4 days and it was a real experience. You really feel like youve fought an entire war and while not exactly winning, you are truly the last man standing.Some of the sequences are incredibly difficult, and don't get stuck starting from a checkpoint with the wrong or empty weapons. There are things you can get away with in Normal mode that simply won't work in Heroic.A few real caveats are: When your following the monitor to the index, always kill all the flood before proceeding at each checkpoint. You won't get there otherwise. A lot of reviewers like the shotgun for killing flood. I pack a full plasma pistol and plasma rifle. Ammunition lasts longer and you don't run out at those emabarrasing moments (oops died again). You just need to be on target and fire rapid bursts. The stupid marine rifle recoils horribly, is relatively ineffective against the aliens and even less effective against the flood. The pistol zoomed is fun against the aliens. The sniper rifle is a lot of fun. Some times you really need the rocket launcher for tanks and the flying alien craft. At one point when you are trying to blow up the generators, you will come out on a snow bridge with a couple aliens and two of the alien flying craft. In heroic mode, if youve got rockets fine, if not, run to the left out the door and slide down the ice wall then run past the tank to the ravine at the bottom of the pyramid buttress. Rocket launcher awaits. This will take MANY tries. No doubt you will try to cross the ice bridge. And if you do you will know why I didn't reccomend that.Find NeoSeekers website online for a fine walkthrough. I used it only for the hint about killing all the flood on the way to the index. I have tried Legendary and gotten part way into the second level, but it is too much like continual suicide for me. I would like to know if anyone over 40 has completed in Legendary. I can tell you that every possible strategy and reflexes better than mine are absolutely necessary at this level.My guess is that you need to spend much time restarting entire levels just so you end up at checkpoints with the right weapons and sufficient kills. Too many too tough aliens, not enough ammunition.
3	B00005NZ1G	I love shooters.  I'd rather not know how many hours/days I have put into Goldeneye and Perfect Dark.  I love those games, but after I beat them, I had trouble finding a good replacement, something worthy of the same recognition.  There was a lull in games for a while, but then Halo came out.This game is INCREDIBLE.  It's everything that you want in a shooter.  It's got fantastic graphics, great level design, great gameplay, an epic soundtrack, it's just THE perfect shooter.If you own an Xbox, you MUST get this game.  Like Mario was to Nintendo, and Sonic was to Sega, Halo is the definitive game for the Xbox.  It is the benchmark for all shooters to come, for any platform...so stop reading, and GET THIS GAME!!
3	B00005NZ1G	I had this game at first for the computer, and I really liked it, but I only borrowed it from a friend, and didn't have time to finish the main story. Recently, I ordered this game from here, and now, after almost finishing the main story, I have to say, it really is just as fun as any good, new, Xbox 360 game on the market today. The action is still just as real as it was back when it came out. Halo: Combat Evolved is a cannot miss experience for any gamer that is either a fan of first person shooters, or void of any amazingly good classics. In a few years, you'll look back on this review after you've bought this game, and thank me.
3	B00005NZ1G	Every x-box magazine says halo is the best, if you have an x-box you have to get halo etc. i dont normally like fps games but this is an exception, for 1 thing the enemy ai is excellent. The little aliens come in big groups and if you kill nearly all of them they will run away from you but the bigger aliens when their health is low will come up to you and try to kill you by hitting you. Also when you are with humans they dont die all the time like on many games. The humans can actually kill lots of aliens before they die. The graphics are great even though a bit simple comparing to some of the more modern pc first person shooters. The gameplay is brilliant and the combat never gets repetitive or boring. You can only carry 2 weapons at a time which i think is good because it means you have to pick up the appropiate weapons for the type of enemy you think you would be mainly dealing with in the level. The only bad thing is that the game in my opinion is not long enough because you dont get that many levels. the 2 player is brilliant and you can play through the campain mode in cooperative with a friend which is really really fun and you can do deathmatch mode which is very fun. You can do short range combat which is hitting someone with the butt of a weapon or just punching them which is handy for taking out smaller enemys. The enviroments are huge and are full of aliens to kill and you can drive vehicles which are actually quite hard to drive because of the strange driving controls. even though the game is old it is still brilliant and if you have an x-box and dont have this game buy it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Simply put, this is a great game.  I'm not going to go into the graphics and sound, because you already know they're very good.  What makes this game great is the gameplay.  It is simply one of the best FPS I've ever played.  I rank it right up there with Medal of Honor.Probably the closest game it resembled that I've ever played is Red Faction. (I'm told it's close to Half Life but I haven't played that one). As the last of a group of super cyborg warriors, you will battle aliens through several different missions and levels.  You will encounter a variety of weapons and vehicles to use to complete your missions.  Although the game primarily takes place as a FPS, when driving a vehicle the perspective is in the third person view.One of the interesting twists of this game is the fact that at any given time, you can only carry two weapons.  Which means as you find different weapons, you have to make strategic choices about which ones to keep.  A lot of the weapons are really fun to use, (I love the sniper rifle) but often not very practical.  The vehicles can be difficult to control but once you get the hang of it, it will just add to the fun.The control interface is laid out very well and while awkward at first, you'll soon get accustomed to it and find it very easy to use.  As you progress through the game you will complete checkpoints and you can save the game after any checkpoint.  If you're killed, you're taken back to the last completed checkpoint.  The game has 4 levels of difficulty and even the easy level can be challenging in latter missions.  About 3/4ths of the way through, you'll encounter a new alien group that just puts a whole new twist on the game.My only real complaint about the game is that a lot of the maps are used over and over, and the levels can be quite long (I played this game for hours) which sometimes leads to getting lost as each room you enter looks EXACTLY like the room you just left.  I would have like to have seen a little more variety.I've read some reviews where some people complain that the game becomes repetitive and I can't completely disagree with that, but it didn't really seem to matter as the game continues to be fun all the way through.If you have a X-Box, I HIGHLY recommend this game.  If you're considering a X-Box, this game alone is reason enough to get one.
3	B00005NZ1G	Yeah..I know I'm almost 8 years late playing this famous game, but at the time of the XBOX/Halo launch, I was JUST getting my original Playstation and owning an XBOX was not even a consideration back then. You could say I'm a bit behind, but catching up, lol.In the last year or so I have amassed a nice collection of both original xbox and 360 titles. I updated the 360 to play my copy of HALO and all I can say is WOW!. Even by 2001 standards, the graphics are stunning, in addition to the tight gameplay. Now I see what the hype was all of these years in regards to Halo and I'm glad I am finally partaking. I'm on to 2, then 3 next.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game so far is the best first person game ever created for X-Box. Simply go around blasting the heck out of mutated aliens that have landed on earth. A wide range of weapons you can choose from and the multiplayer coooperative play, and split screen is beeeeeeeeeeeyond aweeeeeesome!!!! You can also enter vehicles like the night goast which hoveres over the ground or a wide range of on-land vehicles. The other reason I like it is because you can run people over with the on-land vehicles like the jeep. The reason why I give this game 4 stars is because the graphics could be improved and there could be a little more weapons, plus I whish that the missions were a little easier to beat and you could actually create your own player and set its attributes (like how fast it moves, the limit of weapons it can carry, etc...)In all, get this game! It is great if you don't like this feed yourself to Max Payne
3	B00005NZ1G	I know... reviewing this in 2008 probably seems kind of stupid.  Who out there hasn't heard of this game/franchise yet??  I really just like having things complete so I figure I'll review this just for the sake of completing my reviews.  Plus I might have a slightly more in depth perspective than a few others since I followed Bungie long before Halo ever came out.When I was younger and got my very first computer I was absolutely outraged at my family!  They decided to get a Macintosh and I didn't even have a gaming console at the time.  I saw my future gaming career dwindling as I booted up the Mac.  Now this was around 1994/1995 and Doom II was still a hot topic.  So we looked at a special software catalog and talked to someone on the phone, they recommended a game called Marathon.  By now you're asking what the point of all this is?  Well Marathon was developed by Bungie.  It was their first major development and to this day it is one of the most engrossing and best First Person Shooters I've ever played.  Since then I have followed Bungie's career and have always wished they would remake Marathon on an updated platform.  They kind of fell off my radar for a while then Microsoft decided to purchase a controlling interest.  Originally Bungie was planning on continuing with the Marathon saga in some fashion, but they turned it into a new project to be main release for Microsoft's new console system: The Xbox!  Enter the Halo project.  This game would practically single handedly transform our expectations for console games.  Not to mention I consider the Xbox to be primarily marketed towards the computer gamers, like myself.Well I have to hand it to Bungie, despite the fact I was disappointed in the lack of a new Marathon title, I am definitely awed with the new world they have created.  In the far future the human race has come across a powerful enemy.  It's not a single race of alien, but a group combined into a huge force that call themselves the Covenant.  Their ruling structure is actually fairly interesting.  They form a very hierarchical structure and the grunts of their forces are mostly treated like slaves.  However these slaves have weapons and do fight against you with their overlords.  The major issue that makes the Covenant such a major threat isn't just the sheer size of their force, it's the amount of technology they have at their fingertips.  The human race has already gotten quite far with technological advancements, but the Covenant is still light years ahead of us!  You can really see the influence from Marathon in the design and structure of the enemies.  While they look very different from an artistic perspective you can tell that their hierarchical structure is modeled after the S'pht.  In Marathon you fought against an alien organization that was made up of many different kinds, not just a single species.  This added element in Halo made it a lot of fun for me because I think they got that kind of alien threat right with Marathon.  However, in order to win this war we're going to need something special.  Enter the Mjolner armor.  This name is taken from Viking mythology and is actually the name of Thor's hammer.  This special armor is worn by an elite force known as the Spartans, another name taken from history... albeit Greek this time.  Apparently there were more of these enhanced super soldiers, but the Halo story line mostly follows the story of Master Chief and to find out about the others you'll just have to read the novels.  The armor design is really cool and enables the wearer to have enhanced strength and reflexes.  On top of this it has its own shield, kind of like a force field that can stop enemy fire and lets you last longer in battle.  To help the wearer along his way it is paired with an incredibly advanced artificial intelligence.  These AI's are fully self aware and the one that is paired with your character is the beautiful Cortana.Strangely the game doesn't start us out at the beginning of this war; in fact it seems to have been raging for quite some time.  The Spartan has been dispatched to help a new command crew and the game opens up in the midst of a battle.  The ship we're on jumps to slipspace (basically a dimensional gateway) to get out of a lost battle.  They pick a trajectory at random and before our eyes we come out into unknown space to view a giant ring floating in space.  Halo.  Unfortunately the Covenant are still on our tail and boarding the ship.  The only option is to fight our way to the escape pods and to take refuge on the alien ring world.  From there we are brought on a journey of epic proportions to find the mystery of Halo.  The Covenant seem to worship it, yet know little about its origins too.  For them it is a structure made by the Gods.  Surprisingly it seems we stumble upon a threat even worse than the Covenant.  Just what is Halo and what is this new threat?  Play through this amazing game's story to find out just what is hidden in the vast reaches of the universe.I have to say that this is one of the most fun games I have ever played and has tons of replay value.  One of the things that really set this apart from others is the co-op play that the system allows in order to play through the story with a friend.  My friend and I have played this game over and over again on co-op and worked our way through all the difficulty levels.  It's so much fun that even years later we still want to play this game from time to time!  I was very impressed with the enemy AI throughout the game and as you increase the difficulty the AI gets a lot smarter so it's more than just the sheer volume of enemies that makes things difficult.  Another aspect that impressed me was the view.  It feels like your kind of looking through a bubble and gives you the illusion that you actually have peripheral vision when you don't.  I don't know if this was an intentional design, but I thought it was great!  One thing people may dislike is the lack of a map to help you get through the levels.  I think Halo accommodates for this by making Navigation (Nav) points.  Although sometimes they are hard to see in the background of the sky, so in some way they should've made them more prominent.  This is basically my one complaint.  The graphics are simply stunning as well.  They are surely on par with games like Half Life 2, though the world we're in isn't nearly as interactive.  However, you do get to drive vehicles in this and that was an element that was a lot of fun.  It seems like a lot of FPS games are including this now, but the only one I can think of before Halo is this obscure FPS called Redline.  It wasn't all that great, but driving the cars was fun.  You get a decent array of weapons to choose from; however you can only carry two at once.  This is kind of different from other FPS games where you can carry all kinds of different weapons.  Although, I will admit that it does allow for a decent controller configuration because there's nothing you need to push to make a weapons menu show up and you can seamlessly switch to a different gun in the heat of battle.This game is the reason I pretty much picked up an Xbox in the first place and I'm glad I did because I've been introduced to a lot of new and awesome games.  However, none of the Xbox only titles really compete on the same level as Halo and this game makes me wish all FPS games had the co-op function.  Bar that, all games in general!  I've played Diablo as a co-op on my home LAN, but never an FPS of this caliber.  Oh how I wish Half Life or Doom 3 offered the same feature on the Xbox!  Either way, if you're a big fan of Science Fiction, First Person Shooters, and epic stories then Halo will swiftly be launched into one of your all time favorite games.  For me I think it actually ties with the universe of Half Life, though in some respects Half Life is a lot deeper, but Halo is just a plain awesome fighting adventure.  Ultimately I can safely say that I still associate the name of Bungie with the word quality and while the Halo story isn't as huge or engrossing as Marathon, they've still written something very enthralling for us to enjoy.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the best game for xbox and the second best game ever(Zelda 64 being the first) This game sets a new level in gaming! Co-op play is Awesome! Graphics are outta this world great! Anyone needs to have this game!The only problem with this game is it's short(9 levels) But u'll replay it a million timeZ! Just buy it!
3	B00005NZ1G	All of us buy this style of game for one simple reason: the ability to gain immense pleasure from shooting everything in sight.  Not only does Halo offer us our pleasure, but also in the most incredible and future-realistic way possible.  See how:1) Graphically, nothing comes close.2) Deep storyline.3) AI like we've never seen before.4) Huge levels that are explorable5) Vehicles (with wheels, wings, you name it) that can be commandered and operated.6) Adrenaline pumping action.I have not been so absorbed by a game.  A real treat that lives up to its expectations, and then some.
3	B00005NZ1G	although games are beyond the original halo now, i don't think there will be any that will draw so many people in, this game in my opinion is what made xbox succeed. system link with 8 friends was the greatest thing i had seen a game be able to do. multiplayer was hours upon hours of fun.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a tricky game to review.  On one hand, it's an FPS on a console, which any gamer knows is typically a bad combination.  On the other hand, the production value of the game is very high.That said, I give the game 3 stars for "fun" and 4 stars "overall".  If it weren't for the incredible attention to detail (great cinematics, sound, story, etc), the gameplay alone would certainly not warrant 4 stars.I am a HUGE fan of FPS games.  Aside from ESPN's football series and a few other miscellaneous titles, I don't even use my Xbox much because I spend my "game time" on my PC.  That's not to say that PCs are better than consoles, blah blah blah... I'm saying that PCs and consoles lend themselves well to certain TYPES of games.  For instance, you'll never see me playing Madden or Tiger Woods on my computer.  Likewise, you'll RARELY see me playing an FPS game on my console.Halo almost succeeded where most have miserably failed: creating an FPS that is viable on the console.  What impresses me most about Halo is not the graphics: it's the fact that it's the first FPS game I've played on the console that is actually easy to control.  Unfortunately, "easy to control" doesn't always equate to "fun".  I know I'm going against the tide, but I just didn't get attached to Halo the way some people seem to.  The graphics may have been great a few years ago when the Xbox launched, but today, I don't see any level of detail that can't be found in other games.  In some respects, they're even a little sub-par.  Now, with limited RAM and a limited GPU (by today's standards), one could very easily argue that these graphical limitations are the result of hardware limitations.  For instance, to its praise, Halo offers expansive environments with a lot happening on-screen all at once.  Obviously that's resource intensive, and other games that look better (Def Jam's Fight For NY and ESPN's NFL come to mind) were probably able to achieve better graphical quality because the environments were significantly smaller.  So, understand that I'm not placing my disappointment in the graphics on the shoulders of the developers, but rather on the shoulders of hardware that doesn't permit superior graphical quality AND wide open environments all at once.This is one reason why I believe FPS games are better suited for the PC.  I've been spoiled by PC FPS games that have had far superior graphics, such as Rainbow Six Raven Shield and UT2004.  The developers of these games were able to take advantage of a much larger pool of memory, CPU, and much more advanced GPUs.So I've been harping on the graphics a bit... but we all know that gameplay is perceived as the bottom-line (though I would argue that good graphics lend themselves to better gameplay since they help you to immerse yourself in the experience).  I mentioned that the controls were easy to handle (VERY easy, in fact).  Well, I found the gameplay a little boring.  I can't quite put my finger on why I felt that way - especially since the game's gameplay mechanics have been praised so much by others - but I think it's based on the fact that it's almost *too easy* to target your enemies (very large hitboxes).  The problem goes back to this being an FPS on a console: you can't make targeting too difficult (by shrinking the hitboxes), because aiming your crosshair with a thumbstick is inherently awkward to begin with.  It's a catch-22, and in my opinion, is a big reason why consoles just don't lend themselves well to FPS.I'm sure this is going to be seen as some sort of "insult" to consoles and console gamers, but you folks will just have to get over that.  It's not an insult; it's an observation.  Like I said earlier:  I own a PC and I own a console.  Each has its own job to do.  The PC runs the shooters, and the console runs the sports, driving, and fighting games.That's what each does best.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is a great game. The graphics and gameplay are top notch.Its obvious that the designers and Microsoft spent a lot of time on this game as they knew it would be key to early sales of the Xbox console. If you have a Xbox I would highly recommend this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	HALO is one of the best games on the XBox. If you have an XBOX than you should have HALO. HALO provides with the best single player firefights and the best Co-Op mode I have ever seen. Bring some friends over and play the deathmatch mode(turn the vehicles on for the most fun)and play the craziest deathmatch you have ever seen. GET HALO. It's the game for XBOX.
3	B00005NZ1G	Clearly I'm not the first to jump on the bandwagon, but it IS true - &quot;Halo&quot; is a fantastic game, and is easily the best first-person shooter on ANY console system. For that matter, it's one of the best games on a console system, period, and is the current absolute must-own for Xboxers. Point of fact, it's nearly worth getting an Xbox for this game alone.The single-player campaign warrants the price tag all by itself thanks to its blistering action, wonderful scripting, and interesting storyline (which features a splendid twist that alters the entire tone of the game). But what truly gives &quot;Halo&quot; such a long shelf life is its multiplay. If there's a better way to lose track of time than multiplayer &quot;Halo,&quot; I certainly don't know of one. Killing your friends (or getting killed by your friends) is fantastic fun, and, what's more, you can tweak the gameplay options to your heart's content. To add some icing to this already delicious cake, you can go through the entire single-player campaign with a friend alongside. This cooperative mode is something more games should offer.Despite what you may have heard, &quot;Halo&quot; is not perfect, though. The campaign likes to recycle its settings, and sometimes makes you feel as if you're just going in circles (even though you're not).  The level design certainly could have used some work, and should be given extra attention in the upcoming sequel.In the end, though, &quot;Halo&quot; lives up to all that hype (which is a hard thing to do). Every console shooter from here on has some high standards to live up to.
3	B00005NZ1G	My son loved this game.  However, he loves anything Halo.  It seems he plays this Halo version less than he plays the others.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game rocks!!! with a third person shooting mode, great storyline, great arsenal of weapons, great places to wreak havoc: in the air, on the ground, or just on foot,good god this even has a good soundtrack to go with it. I say &quot;Buy it NOW!!!!&quot;
3	B00005NZ1G	When I first got this game, I was shocked lol. I mean the first day it came out I got it, and I played it non-stop. This game was very addicting, and it is when you first play it. Since Halo 2 is out now, thats the main game, but this game was truly hecka fun when it first came out. The multi-player was especially fun playing with friends.
3	B00005NZ1G	this is the best game that is not on live. however since u cant play it on live it is not as good as wolfenstein which offers endless hours of entertainment.but this game would be 100 times better then wolfenstein if u could play it on live or if you could at least! play bots gosh but oh well i guess it isnt fare to say its not perfect because it doesnt have live because it came out before xbox live. SO if u own an xbox buy this game simple. oh yea and parents this game does have alot of gore in it but your should still let your kids play it because if u dont they will become more violent then they would by killing aliens with guns.
3	B00005NZ1G	Well, what can I say that hasn't already been said about Halo?  This was the game that got me hooked on videogames again after a long hiatus (my last console before the Xbox being Sega Genesis).  It's not that Halo is revolutionary; what it really does is take all the elements of a good FPS/action game and hone them to absolute perfection.  Halo exhibits a level of polish and attention to detail that I have rarely come across since.  The controls are very intuitive and the graphics still hold up remarkably well today, now two or three years after the game first came out.  I have never once had a problem with framerate drops or glitches.  The game does have its flaws, though.  Perhaps the most glaring of them is the reuse of certain indoor environments, which becomes really irritating during &quot;The Library&quot; level more than halfway through the game.  Some sort of display map or something would have also been helpful on several occasions.  All of these issues aside, Halo is a must for any fan of action or FPS games.  It's to the Xbox what Mario was for Nintendo and Sonic the Hedgehog for Sega.
3	B00005NZ1G	My friend had Halo 1, 2 and 3. The first time he came out, he brought Halo 3. Man! I was wasting sniper bullets and kept being killed like crazy. I thought the game was `ok'. Then later on he brought out Halo 1 and 2. THEN!!! I christened my aim and ability to live. Number one is stunning! The graphics dominate even Stars Wars' Battlefront! The details on the humans, aliens, vehicles and terrain are great.The aliens, known as the Covenant, are not the cartoony ones on TV or other games, these guys are great! The aliens shoot insults at you, "Coward!", "He's scared!",  "Your skills are lacking!" and others to irritate and bring out the soldier in you.The tanks and other vehicles are well detailed and are powerful.Fight in outer space in either your or enemy spaceships or on the ground against the aliens that want to kill all humans.I did feel, however, that the language (swearing that is) can be a little `ripe', and the blood can be a little unsuitable for younger players (that`s why it`s rated M). But other than that the game is without a doubt great!
3	B00005NZ1G	This has to be one of the best all time first person shooters ever BUY IT
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is the best shooter ever. Awsome graphics and a nice plot. You are the master chief, one person who destroys the covenant and the flood. I play it almost every day with my sister and my friends. We play co-op and multiplayer. We have fun with both of these!!!! If you're looking for a good game for xbox, well this is the game you want to spend your money on!!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is amazing. BEST first person shooter EVER. Maybe THE best game ever.  If you haven't played this yet you are missing out on an incredible game.  I can't say much that hasn't already been said about this game so stop reading reviews, buy the game, and start playing!!! Have fun!
3	B00005NZ1G	Point blank; if you have the XBOX, you must have this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	I never expected to become an Xbox OWNER, and i was one of many bungie fans who cursed them for being brought up by Microsoft...BUT whn you take a ride with good old Master Chief with some fellow Marines in your Warthog, you'll forget all about that in no time!This games just FEELS great...I can't explain it, but that's how I felt when I was finding the survivors with my friends on the Warthog..that is a game in itself! They should have a sepcial edition Xbox bundle with just Halo--it'll sell even MORE than it already is!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo demonstrates an exemplary combination of game play, graphics, and sound. The game offers ltos of gameplay, and also offers replay. The fun part is trying to tackle it from different angles ever time! You will not be disappointed with this game!
3	B00005NZ1G	Man, i've had this game ever since christmas (when i got my Xbox). I have beaten it twice, and i still come back for more whenever my friends come over. There are many weapons and aliens. The graphics are amazing, and better than anything yet on the Xbox in my opinion. You can drive a handfull of different vehicles, including a tank and a jeep. There is a huge plot twist that i am in no position to give away (better than most sci-fi movie, which i dont watch much of anyway). It is easy to get into if you have played FPS's before. I have not even began to descbribe the tremendous fun you will have with this game, just go buy it, and be happy.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the best Halo game because it has the best story and the coolest guns pretty much everything is good
3	B00005NZ1G	well i could sit here yapping away at how great this game is and how many times ive played it and so on but i think halo has reached a popularity that everyone would long for in high school :) its the best game i have ever played period.  (oh yea its 1000 times better than halo 2) that said get this one first and skip halo 2 not the other way around.
3	B00005NZ1G	Great game for a great console. Some of the stages get a tad bit convoluted and might turn out to be a bit frustrating. Overall an excellent first person kind of game. Worth the money.
3	B00005NZ1G	What can I say that hasn't already been said about such a universally game changing experience?This changed the face and role of the modern first person shooter. The story line is so great filled with twistsand turns it keeps you coming back for more. I never got to experience this game first hand at launch, but I quicklybecame addicted to the Halo franchise. I know own this game as part of my collection and its something that I do notregret ever picking up. such a great game at such  low price, if you don't have it yet, get it immediately!!
3	B00005NZ1G	BRUTE FORCE SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN LIGHTLY. I KNOW HALO IS AWSOME AND EVERYTHING BUT BRUTE FORCE IS GOING TO TO TAKE HALO OVER THE EDGE. THE GAME THAT CRAWLS BACK ON TOP WILL BE THE ONE THAT IS MORE INTENSE AND REQUIRES MORE FORCE AND SKILL TO PLAY. I'M GOING TO GO WITH BRUTE FORCE. IF BUNGIE IS GOING TO HAVE A CHANCE AGAINST BRUTE FORCE THEY BETTER SEE WHAT ELSE THE XBOX HAS THAT THEY DIDN'T USE BEFORE.
3	B00005NZ1G	At first I wanted to try out Halo at a store, I never could because there would always be these two guys (mabye you know them) that hogged the machine for literally hours.  I just bought the game, and now I know why.This is why Halo takes FPS to the next level:You are in a battlefield.  Up until now FPS games have limited us to fighting solo while taking out baddies that are in the same location each time you round a corner.  If you wanted a surprise you had to play multiplayer online.  Also, in other FPS action is limited (about 4 guys pop out in a hallway).  In Halo, battles rage on everywhere.  It is not as intense as I hope it to be in the future, but a definite step in the right direction.  To make a comparison:  Other FPS are like the first Rogue Squadron - empty skies, Halo is like the second with much more activity and action.I have only played briefly, but I have been in the jeep.  Let me tell you, there is nothing like driving full throttle into a field of baddies just to jump out of the jeep while it is still moving, using it as a cover to pick aliens off one at a time while your machine gun guy on the jeep pounds the ones you miss.There is a slight learning curve for the controls. But believe me, after playing games like UT on the dreamcast with just a controller, you come as close to keyboard and mouse as you could get.  Let's face it, you don't want auto-aim that keeps you locked almost permanently in the horizontal position.  It took me about an hour to fully adjust to the controls.I have a question:This is the criterion by which all games can be measured - when you up the difficulty level, does the enemy AI get better, or does something lame happen like you take more damage when hit and do less damage when you shoot?  If the former, then this game goes far beyond any FPS out there.Complaints:I can already tell that this game will be short.  The first night I played it i got about 25% done (and that was only for a couple of hours).  Granted I was playing it on easy.
3	B00005NZ1G	You've probably already heard alot about Halo for XBOX. Halo is a first-person shooter game which combines fantasic graphics, awesome story, and no-doubt best multiplayer action ever. Halo redefines the meaning of "a video game". It pushes the envelope in every way possible. Here are the pros and cons:PROS:-Single Player Missions are amazingly well developed-Story is interesting and exciting-Graphics are what you expect and more from a XBOX GAME-Multiplayer (wether being system link or local xbox) is the best in any game ever madeCONS:-No bot support for multiplayerHalo desires every star I have given it (a 5 out of 5), because once you start playing it you will never stop. I have had Halo since XBOX came out, and I still haven't gotten bored of it. This game is worth the ... investment, that is if you don't already have it. ALSO if you have a high speed internet connection (LAN, CABLE, T1, etc.) you will be able to play HALO online with XBconnect ... or Xbox Tunnel ... BUY THIS GAME, NOW! You will be very glad of your purchase.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is better than any other (except for Halo 2.) I love almost everything about it. The only thing I don't completely like is that it's kinda hard but that keeps you playing it so that's not too bad. The best thing I think there is is that you can pick up your enemy's weapon after you kill them (unless it's a sword you can only do that in Halo 2.) I think the graphics are great too. The blood is very realistic. Overal I think this game is th BEST! Buy it or Halo 2. Halo 2 is better though.
3	B00005NZ1G	Think StarWars meets Aliens and that's Halo. This game is a science fiction fans dream come true. If you get any game for X-Box get Halo, you'll have a hell of time.  Warning: This Game is addictive.
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought a copy so that I could have a complete A-Z collection of the series. I know, I know...
3	B00005NZ1G	I haven't purchased this I rented it from the video store but I may get this just to do the multi-player.I beat this game in two days but it was because I was addicted to it.  It has a good story it and is a very good first person shooter.Downsides:-Saves could be a little better.  You can &quot;Save &amp; Quit&quot; at any time but it doesn't necessarily mean you will leave where you left off.-You can only two weapons at a time.  I wish I could carry the rifle, shotgun and the alien pistol.Other than that this game is awesome.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo lands you in the role of the Master Chief.  He is the last of his kind.  A genetically enhanced super soldier and the ultimate weapon against the Covenant.  The game begins with you being shot down on the ancient ring world of Halo.  Your mission is to regroup with the remaining survivors from your colony and drive the alien race away from earth.The graphics in this game are amazing.  Even though they run at only 30 frames per second.  The particle effects, the snow, the weapons, everything looks great.  The controls are awesome and take no time getting used to.  The only button that was any trouble at all was the left thumbstick when I tried to crouch and move at the same time.  Still though great button layout and makes use of all the buttons.After playing this game for countless hours I can verify it is totally addicting.  There are plenty of different weapons and vehicles to become familiar with.  Your weapons range from Assault Rifles, Shotguns and Sniper Rifles to Plasma Rifles and Stationary guns.  There are four vehicles that you will find in the game, Warthog(recon vehicle), Scorpion(Tank), Ghost(skimmer) and the Banshee(plane).  My one complaint is that you repeat many of the same levels at the end of the game.The true strength of this game though is in the multiplayer option.  You can play threw the campain with friends.  Also there are other multiplayer games like Capture the Flag, King of the Hill, Slayer, Oddball and Race.  In my eyes this game is a system seller.  If you have an X-box your missing out if you don't have Halo.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo will be one of the most remembered first person shootersever made. Most of the games weapons and vehicals wereborrowed extensively from aliensthe marines fighting the covenent was like starship troopers,and the sarge in halo, was basically sargent apone from Aliens.(the marine assualt rifle looks almost exactly like the USSSulaco from Aliens) You are the master cheif, their has beena draft. You were just an ordinary person plucked by the militaryand forced to go to war. You got very good at target practice.You are shot at the fall of reach you fight, even though youare bleeding but you still fight. You save all the people atreach and sacrifice yourself. But the military brings you backas a cybernetic orginizm equiped with the lates in high-techbattle armour. You awaken on the piller of autome only to findthat it is being quickly over run by the covenent a evilrace of aliens who tried to rase a holy war on the human race.The marines are fighting a losing battle but at least theyhave you. The covenent try to use the ring planet halo asa weapon to destroy the race...they don't know how to activate itproperly...If you don't blow up halo, earth will destroyed,the flood will kill everyone. This is a classic, I looovethe ending...greatest FPS with a sci-fi story since...since...
3	B00005NZ1G	What can you say about the the game that everyone already knows. If you never played the game, get it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Every once in a while a game comes along that everyone who buys it enjoys, Halo is definetely one of those games.  It combines excellent graphics, marvelous gameplay, and great levels.  In my opinion, the greatest game in HISTORY, EVER.  No game can come close to the power of Halo.  So, if you get an Xbox, Halo is a must.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have played this game quite a lot, and I have found that it is the greatest game ever. Before playing Halo, I wasn't a big fan of the FPS games but this one is great. The graphics are amazing with rich and detailed levels and the sound is great with gunfire and aliens screaming and your marines cheering you on when you do something well. I think the best part of this game is not the one player mode, but the co-operative mode. My friend and I played for hours because it was so much fun. Although the game is difficult, even on Normal, you get better at it as you go along. One nice feature is that you can play your single player games in co-op and vice versa. This is great for when there is a level you can't beat by yourself, but then do it with a friend and beat it. Antoher fun aspect of the game is that you get to use a jeep (Warthog), a tank, a small aircraft (Ghost) and at one point a larger aircraft (Banshee). These are very useful and are integrated nicely into the game. One last fun thing is that you have Marines along with you to help you, you aren't the only one out there. I would reccomend this game to everyone that has an Xbox, except for young kids (under 12), and people who hate shooting games.
3	B00005NZ1G	Much like the N64's Goldeneye and the PC's Half-Life and Rainbow Six, Halo is one of those yardstick first-person shooters that people will be comparing games to for years to come.That's not to say the game is without its faults. Some levels are very repetitive - gee, I've only been down this corridor or one that looks just like it FIFTEEN TIMES! - and the allied AI is downright frustrating sometimes. There are some other minor things that get on my nerves, but they're relatively minor.That said, Halo is one of my favorite shooters ever. Enemy AI is top-notch, especially on the harder difficulties, and the outdoor environments are amazing, particularly the beach level and the snow valley. The weapons are varied and, amazingly, are all useful. Also, the plot, while a little on the thin side, is engaging. I especially love Cortana, the wisecracking AI that accompanies the player throughout the game (truly, the little voice inside your head).If you're looking for a very good first-person shooter, Halo is a great choice.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo's shoot 'em up action is the greatest game ever.The story is sweet, the graphics are great, and the game is just so good. All in all Halo is the essential XBOX game.If you don't have it,buy it immediately.It's such a good game and it's more than worth the [money].
3	B00005NZ1G	Before you go to that big sweat-stained sofa in the sky, you absolutely have to play this game. It's really the best FPS you can play on your TV. Xbox score big with Halo: Combat Evolved. And I'm pretty sure it rox ass.
3	B00005NZ1G	I'm a late bloomer, but better late than never.I just played Halo for the first time, I have to say, the game play, graphics, and sound were fantastic.I'm fixing to order Halo Two.Five stars all around.
3	B00005NZ1G	I read a lot about Halo before the Xbox came out and I had high expectations. When the Xbox was released and I read that it was living up to the hype, I expected even more. When I finally purchased it myself, it was better than I thought it would be.I've played a lot of FPS games, both on consoles and PCs, and this one outdoes them all. No other game can immerse you in its world like this one can and still look so darn good! Every element of the game: graphics, sound, environmental effects, terrain, and the behavior of your enemies and allies alike, combines to make you feel like you're part of real battles, with all the mayhem, confusion, and violence (yes violence, so keep the litle kids away from this one. There's also some language that parents might not want young children to hear) that occur in real war. You have to see it to believe it. And it gets crazier when more factions enter the storyline and you have 4-way battles going on. Because of this, you need not only reflexes, but strategy to accomplish your objectives.The story is well-written and easy to follow, except when you can't hear your orders over the sounds of battle (it would've been nice to have a subtitles option).Multiplayer rocks. You can play with up to four people all on one console, or you can use system link or even the Internet! All the modes are there, including co-op.Bottom line: there's no reason you shouldn't get this game unless you have issues with its ESRB rating. Even if you hate FPS games, I dare you to try this one and not like it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Remember the good old days of first person shooters on the N64 well this game is similar to those games but has way better graphics and equally good gameplay.If you havent played it rent it you wont be disappointed.
3	B00005NZ1G	I've played most of Halo I by now. It reminds me of the Metroid I had in the super Nintendo. Only that MS made it 3D. Think about it, a guy in an astronaut suit, and killing weird aliens in other planets. The music is mysterious, Metroid like too. I'm sure the Metroid in 3D in Nintendo GC offers more variety, with monster at the end of a level, etc. Anyway, Halo I also has Quake II stuff; the walls and futuristic things are reminiscent of Quake. Nothing original about Halo I. However, it shines in the control precision and smoothness. The game is 7 years old now. Nothing better than playing a game after many years to see if it got rotten like an egg or aged like a fine wine. The graphics look primitive, but it's the controls and the shooting experienced where the game really stands out and stood the test of time. All in all, the game feels too empty and boring to be fun, but the controls are the best I've seen.
3	B00005NZ1G	Usually to me most launch titles end up being big failures. But I was wrong with this game and great good came out of it. Back when I first got my Xbox in december 2001 this game came with the package. When I first laid eyes on the game I was amazed at the graphics for one thing.It was unlike anything I've seen before, how crisp, clear, and clean they looked and made a successful effort to drag you into the world of halo. That was just the beginning and there was still more that meets the eye.I noticed that sending bullets into aliens never seemed to get old. How where you place the shot would determine how fast the alien would go down. Headshot by far the most effective while shooting them in the foot proved least effective.The story itself is fantastically written. Even the events that led to halo (told in "The Fall Of Reach") proved to be a well thought out presentation both by the author and the designers.Needless to say that this is one of the few games (including GTA 3) that changed the gaming world and the normal world forever. I love it.
3	B00005NZ1G	All I can say is this game is awesome. It has a nice story line, beautiful graphics and awesome multiplayer. Multiplayer includes vehicles and several fun maps, some are almost TOO big though. What I say as lacking though is the fact that you can only carry 2 weapons at a time and the fact that multiplayer, unlike unreal tournament, does not have comp opponents, you must play with others. The weapons are well balanced with human and alien weapons and a variety of vehicles, from a dune buggy to a bike and tanks. Multiplayer does have the problem of it is hard to see people and the radar is not very far stretching, since the maps are REALLY big it may be impossible to see who shoots you at times. The single player is fun though, the missions are very different and involve teams and vehicles as well as fixed emplacements. You can also get deep into this game. Other than a few small complaints though this game is fantastic for Multiplayer and pretty good Single, but mainly it is a 4-16 player dream.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is worth the 10 out of 10 stars it was given by every videogame magazine!  The graphics are so realistic that you feel as if you are in the game!  The game features single player mode, multiplayer campaign mode, and multiplayer mode.  This game was why x-box was created!  I don't think there will ever be a game like Halo.  Halo's mine and all my friends favorite game, and I'm sure it'll be yours too!
3	B00005NZ1G	Everyone that has an Xbox, Halo.  Everyone that dosen't have an Xbox go to the nearest store and buy one.  Then buy Halo.  Halo is probably the best game out there on all systems.  It has stunning graphics, an amazing single-player, and you can do the single player with other people (in other words a tag-team.)  It has the best multiplayer ever (even better then Melee which used to be my favorite game).Do I need to go on?  Because there are tons of other stuff that make this game the best game in the world.BUY HALO!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo: Combat Evolved is an awesome game that takes full advantage of the X-Box 360.  So much time, money and effort went into this game...and it shows!Kenneth Haft
3	B00005NZ1G	This is an awesome game. It is a must buy. It isn't as bloody as it looks. You can create your own profile, name it, change your armor color,change your controls, and save. Then all you have to do is go to your file and save on it. There is a multiplayer mode with levels that you have never seen before and are very big too. There is a campaign mode which is like a story mode but there can be 2 players in the campaign mode!!! Each level is very long (takes about an hour when you first play it). Also, you can play the demos of Fusion Frenzy and Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee, not as if you would want to when you have Halo. If you like first person shooter games, get Halo. There is no need to rent it first!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game will always be one of the best games ever created. It's ridiculously fun, providing hours and hours of gameplay.
3	B00005NZ1G	C'mon! It is THE definitive FPS. The graphics and variety in the newer games might be better, but it is fun to go back to where it all started. I had this game for the PC, but got it for the Xbox so my wife and I could play co-op. Love it!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is truly spectacular on a widescreen tv and 5.1 Dolby Digital sound system. I am at a lost for words.
3	B00005NZ1G	I was disappointed by the most of the reviews and forums about Halo. They all said that it does not live up to the hype...THEY WERE SO WRONG. I mean, how much a game could hype up to be?Halo is a supreme game, a must-have for any Xbox owner or FPS/action fan. A true next-gen game for the true next-gen game console. It will definitely keep its title of &quot;Best Xbox Game&quot; for a while.Halo's game play is unparalleled, complete with out-of-this-world weapons and vehicles, state-of-the-art AI, and huge open environments, very well detailed and filled with all kinds of features like never before seen in any FPS game.No game is perfect, so Halo does have some issues of its own. They are quite minor and some might not even find them while playing. First, the multi-player levels could have been a lot better. Most of them are quite basic and there are very few of them, but I found the ones with vehicles and a few others to be an addictive next-gen multi-player experience.I would like to also add that there is not enough variety in the Covenant troops, you will encounter all of them in the third level of the game, but thanks to enemy vehicles you will have to face and other enemies you will later see in the last levels (no spoilers - you will find out who they are if you play the game), the variety of your foes is I must say...excellent...mostly, because they always use different tactics. Second, some indoor parts of the game are uninspired and repetitive, annoying, but rarely. Last, the savegame feature is old - you can only start playing a previously played level from scratch once you beat it. This is bad because Halo has some very long levels.On the plus side, it is the GRAPHICS. It will be a shame not to mention the stunning visuals of this brilliant game. Maybe on the first level (you only fight indoors there) your &quot;WOW factor&quot; is not going to be on overload, but your eyes will pop out and you won't be able to catch a breath when you explore the eye candy on the second level (results may vary though, if this does not happen to you when you play it, you need to get a better TV for your XBOX, chump). Second, it is needless to say that Halo's vehicles are amazing, and ally and enemy AI make it even better than amazing. Your allies and enemies react to your every action, allies will be cheering after you made a nice shot or used great tactics and took down lots of enemies, or they might even have some envy if you are doing better than them and kill enemies that they could have easily defeated, and they would work together to help you by providing cover fire, hop into the vehicles you manage to use, giving you important surveillance info, and much much more. Your enemies are just as impressive, they are very hard to outsmart and you might even recognize them by their intelligence. They will try to dodge bullets and grenades, use their vehicles with lots of skill, work together to kill you and your allies, flank you, surround you, weaken your opposition by destroying your allies if they do not succeed to kill you after many attempts, and they will even make you laugh! You will see a bunch of interaction between the marines on your side and the covenant enemies, and their tactics are never the same, so that means that you get much replay value. Both your allies and enemies have tons of taunts and phrases that they will say, like marines would have dialogs with each other, and the enemies would be wondering where you disappeared, and then try to get attention of their allies after they spot you again, they will be screaming if you threw a grenade at them or if they the odds of them winning a fire fight with you are quite low. There is a lot more about AI that I didn't mention - YOU HAVE TO see it for yourself! Like weapons, there are two types of vehicles you can have the time of your life on - Covenant and human. All of the weapons can be used to do a melee attack. On the human side, you have a jeep with a very nice minigun mounted on the back of it, and you have a big-a$$ tank (once you get your hands on it you will never want to let go of it). Alien Covenant has a banshee, an aircraft that is equally fun to both pilot and watch it and its pilot go down as you destroy it, and a ghost, a fast and maneuverable hovercraft-like vehicle. All the vehicles listed have their own weapons and the human ones can even have passengers. For some reason they make human vehicles invulnerable to destruction, while all levels can be conquered by foot without them. Weapons are great too, they are very well balanced and look and sound outstanding. I already mentioned that there are two types of weapons, but there are also two types of grenades. Human ones detonate quickly - no mercy here, while alien plasma grenades detonate after a few seconds after they are thrown, so those aliens have some time to escape, but the plasma grenades can stick to them (and make them go crazy) and detonate right on them - no mercy here also.Halo is a story-driven game, which includes some helpful cut scenes and a nice plot.Xbox controller is just awesome with this game; I even was once thinking that it was made exclusive for Halo. I don't care what people say about the Xbox controller, but it is perfect for Halo and other games I play on my Xbox. You also get lots of tweaks for the controller, you can even invert flight control when you pilot a banshee.Multiplayer aspect is super. You get numerous game mods and even co-op play. For now, multiplayer is great using the xbox system link (item # B00005R6YW, sold separately), so if you have a buddy who owns Halo like you, you will have even more fun with Halo together in multiplayer, especially in co-op play. In multiplayer, you can modify every game type to your own liking, it is a great addition, but there is quite a small number of maps, and quite a few of them are lacking. Multiplayer supports up to 16 players and LAN play, as well as about 20 customizable game types.Gameplay: 9/10Graphics and Sound: 10/10 Playability: 9.5/10Fun Factor: 10/10Overall: 9.6/10Pros: great graphics, sound, gameplay, replay value, plot, etc.Some really minor cons: not enough multiplayer levels, not a very balanced level design in the game (most levels are jaw-dropping, others are just plain great, few are not very good; some offer overwhelming variety, but few have repetitive gameplay like in any other today's shooter, like Wolfenstein, for example)In conclusion, Halo really stands out from all of the launch games. Those of you who do not see it, you need to wake up and open your eyes, Halo is the greatest. Xbox is nothing without Halo. It is not until Spring 2002 when you will see something that compares itself with Halo...It will be Unreal Championship...
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo brings the vibe and thrill that has been lacking in FPS (First Person Shooting) Games for a long time. Golden Eye was the FPS game I found great. Mainly what brings this game to live is the great multiplayer mode, and the high replay value. The story line itself was somewhat lacking, and somewhat intriguing. Especially when you beat the game on Legendary, it shows an confusing clip that makes you question the storyline. (I don't want to give away the story for those who have not played the game.)Still it gives a great sense of suspense you would want to keep playing, but after beating the game the story line would seem a little lacking.The detail of the multiplayer maps are amazing, in Sidewinder, the amazing cracks on the ice, in Sidecreek, the amazing graphic for the water. Whenever a grenade is thrown, a bulletmark is made, there is always a realistic mark made. Graphically, this game is the best FOR ITS TIME. The effects are also 0utstanding, the explosions and wwhen the ships lauch off, when you are on vehicle and you are kicking up dust. AI is also very intelligent, when a grenade is thrown near the enemy, they know to GET AWAY from it. A minor glitch is that when a grenade is thrown ON the enemy, they will run toward their crew and kill the whole crew which is what you want but kind of stupid.The sound was also outstanding. You hear yourself and the enemy and your allies. Explosions sounds surreal, if you have a home theater, it would sound like you are actually in a explosion. The gun shot are realistic. No flaws here!Gameplay in really worth mentioning. I would never thought that wacking can kill so many people and the motion looks great. Reloading the pistol gives you a Western cowboy feel because you wack relaod and he spins it on his hand. Every motion of yourself and your enemy is captured closely. Some minor flaws are when you walk sideways you don't see the motion of the legs, you just see yourself moving sideways. Only Minor Flaws here.As I have mentioned above, replay value is extremely high. WHen you and friends get together, this is probably the best choice to play.The rating &quot;M&quot; is here for a reason. The amount of blood is this game is amazing, and the bodies of the enemies stay after you kill them, which I would find that realistic, unlike Goldeneye which that the bodies just disappair after awhile, maybe that is why the rating is &quot;M&quot; for Halo.Overall, Bungie has really done a great job. This game has great value. IF you dont have this game, this is a must get. Best multiplayer with friends.Graphics: 10Gameplay: 9.5Storyline: 8.5Replay Value: 10Sound: 10Overall: 9.6
3	B00005NZ1G	I had a very fun experience with Halo. One reason is that I bought it on November 15 and little was told about the secret of Halo. I found this very exciting and surprising, I just about needed to get a crowbar just to pry my hands off! Anyway I have just beaten the game and I have to say that is one of the most well designed games ever.
3	B00005NZ1G	I've been playing for more than 20 years, from Coleco, Atari, and PC, to Nintendo, PS, PS2, and Xbox... and if I have to choose the best all-around game, it must be Halo.I just finished in cooperative mode and my friend and I were delighted of how real it looks, how the AI respond and how the atmosphere feels.I played it on a 53&quot; Sony and a Kenwood/JBL Dolby Digital home theater and not even Half-Life felt like it.If you have an xbox and don't have Halo, you're just wasting your money. In other words:XBOX IS HALO and HALO IS XBOX.Regards,Eduardo Marquez-Blake
3	B00005NZ1G	All other first person shooter games have just been building up to this.  I can't imagine how this game could possibly be any better.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a fast-paced,fast-action First Person Shooter.Not only is the story line great,but the graphics,audio effectsare terrific!If you like playing team-player based games,Halo is for you.You get to Drive 4 wheel terain vechs,Fly aircraft,and use a host of lethal weapons.Better have DSL,on high speed Cable connect for on-line playing.Works great with Video Cards with 64MB or greater.
3	B00005NZ1G	Good graphics, multiplayer, online too, good adventure mode, stunning detail ( examine things up close with your sniper scope). Great Sound. No negatives from me and I'm being critical.
3	B00005NZ1G	One excellent Game.One of the best multiplayer games on Xbox.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is deffiently the greatest game for the XBOX system.  It has great graphics a nice story and great special fx, weapons, music everything that takes a good game, its like an album with 10 songs in it, its like the debut album for a great band, that has the most original creative juices flowing.First off you get instructions and what not, and a great story - 5/5Difficulty has 4 different and equally fun versions of play - 5/5Multiplayer is great having co op, and vs. modes with many different games for each - 5/5Level 1 - A great opener for an intense game, have good story and introduces you to the play. 5/5Level 2 - Another great level about fighting on an all terrain force, and rescuing soldiers. 4/5Level 3 - Quite possibly the BEST level on the game. 5/5Level 4 - A good fun album with a beach head mode in it. 5/5Level 5 - Another great epic battle level. 5/5Level 6 - A new enemy has arrived. 5/5Level 7 - Though lengthy this level is great. 5/5Level 8 - This level is possibly the most un entertaining level in the game, its too long and to numbered. 3/5Level 9 - Were drawing closer and closer to a close here - 5/5Level 10 - A fast paced good end level - 5/5Price - Great for what you get. 5/5So there you have it, the greatest game for xbox right here.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is without a doubt the absoulute best game I have ever played, of all time!Your the Master Chief a human who has been physically boosted to fight a group of alien species called the Covenant. So you travel through I think it's 8 levels fighting multiple species and using tons of cool weapons and vehicles.It's rated M and probably should be, their is a lot of blood and if you punch a dead body more comes spurting out in all directions(Not that I do that or nothing heh). Also the marines do curse however, it was said by the makers it's nothing they couldn't put on primetime TV.All in all Halo is so far my favorite game of all time!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is amazing. Everything from the graphics to the amazing single-player. The stages are well designed and the game controls like a dream. The only thing better than the 1-player mode is the multiplayer mode. Get your friends over, order some pizza, and go to Sidewinder or Blood Gultch. That will be one of the best things you can do. Just buy this game.+ Everything- No multiplayer single playerFinal Score-10 out of 10
3	B00005NZ1G	The X-Box has been promoted as having stellar gameplay, and Halo is just the game to prove how incredible this system truly is. It shines in just about every aspect - graphics, replayability, enjoyability, intelligence of your in-game friends and enemies, even plot!You're working with the humans against the Covenant, on a ringworld much like many other ringworlds in Sci-fi. You often work with a team of marines against the enemies, and the marines actually work like a unit! They'll run down halls with you, laying covering fire. If the group is up against nasty odds, some marines will start worrying. If you're doing well and you snipe someone a marine was aiming at, they'll complain!There are lots of different weapons, each with its own fun attributes. When you're holding a weapon in your hand, you can see by its counter or the needles sticking out of it how much ammo is left in it. There are jeeps and other vehicles you can drive, and if you get near a marine, they'll jump in to help you out! Jeeps climb over terrain quite realistically, and if you flip one, you can even try to flip it back over.The graphics are just amazing. From the way the different missile types fly over the terrain, to the terrain itself, to night vision and zoom-in-sniper-rifles to the details on the enemies, it's truly like watching an animated feature come alive. The water ripples. The drop ships fly overhead - complete with shadow rippling over the landscape - and when they set down, you can watch as they open and the aliens inside come out. And start shooting you immediatley :)The whole interplay of plot and characters is great. One alien type is a little creature that runs around laughing, unless it feels threatened, in which case it waves its arms over its head and runs away yelling &quot;help! help!&quot;. When a marine shoots one, sometimes he'll call out &quot;Who's laughing now?&quot; or other such jibes. Very little is &quot;contrived&quot; in this game. You really get a sense that you're moving forward with a purpose, and that your team is THERE with you.And, even better, you can multiplay in a way which is REALLY fun! With two players you still get a lot of screen space, and you can easily work as a team - flanking an enemy, coordinating attacks. Your marines will see this and help out. If one person jumps into the driver seat of a vehicle, the other can hop in back and man the machine gun. There is a rainbow of colors for your suit, too. When they get Broadband set up for this next summer, a whole new addiction will be spawned.Definitely a MUST HAVE!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game was in the works for how long?  But it was really worth it.  A truly amazing game that is all you could ever ask for in a FPS.  Solid AI, 2 player Co-Op and a killer multiplayer game.  The graphics are jaw-dropping with real-time lighting and shadow.  Spectacular bump-mapping and huge detailed levels.  If but one complaint (and a minor one at that) the indoor levels leave a little to be desired, a little plain and repetitive but nothing that is gonna get in the way of the solid gameplay.  Get an XBOX and get Halo, you will not be disappointed at all.
3	B00005NZ1G	There may not be the flashing graphics, and voice sound as Halo 3, but this game sure rocks. You should definatly buy it.
3	B00005NZ1G	HALO spells FUN! Well, not really, but you know what I mean. This game alone makes up for almost all the money you spent on an Xbox. It has changed my standard for FPS. Removing the need to switch to melee/grenade makes intense, close combat...uh, combat, possible and fun, without degrading into furious button mashing and wild movements. Control wise, you always know what you're doing and where your going to make your next move.Plus the AI. You really need to play this game several times to really appreciate how brilliant this engine is. No two battles are alike. The game doesn't get old, because you can't use the same routine and expect to win. Also, the aliens (and your marines) have a large "vocabulary", if you will, of sayings and phrases. Alien grunts are just plain fun to listen to.Yeah. Okay, I'm spent.
3	B00005NZ1G	I do not like the Xbox. It is and always has been over-hyped with Microsoft pulling in as much money as possible to make it work. Yet amidst this chaotic rush to get the gargantuan Xbox one game makes the hype seem like it was worth it, like maybe Microsoft could do justice to video games, and that maybe just maybe,,, we would buy the Xbox for a reason. Halo is that game and it has affected me in an amazing way.Halo has been in development for years, and it shows. Never before have I played a game that is just so damn polished (well, maybe Maximo) and I like it. The feature of just two weapons at a time sounds limiting, but it is fun in some weird way. Anyone who has watched a movie about a futuristic army from Earth fighting an alien menace will fall back into Halo's world. You feel like you're a soldier there, mainly because of the graphics and more importantly the AI. I love most FPSs but Halo just put them away. The AI responds to you and even the lowliest of enemies display strategy to get you and you find yourself enjoying every kill you get. The use of terrain and companions makes the game realistic in a sci-fi setting. The two elements blend perfectly to make one hell of a fun game. I don't even have an Xbox, and this is the only reason I tolerate my friend having one. If you have an Xbox then Halo is all you need (but don't think that the future will be too bright).
3	B00005NZ1G	Looks like the game from Austin, TX who gave this game 3 stars didn't get at least half way through this game and he definately didn't try out the deathmatch multiplayer. He stated that this game has only 3 different enemies but from what I remember there are the Covenants: Small Weak Grunts who always squeel and run, the Jackals which would also be weak if they didn't use their protective shield, The Elites which are strong and give a pretty heavy punch if they get close to you but their Plasma Rifle isn't the strongest gun ever, then there are the Hunters which are big guys which are very strong and use some weird Plasma Rocket things (sadly you don't get to use those in the game), and the last Covenant enemy is the Covenant small airship thing that shoots lasers at you (no not the dropship), you usually meet the airships in the Library level and then you see them in mostly every level after that.The Floods are: The bouncing head things which die in 1 shot from any gun and barely do any damage even though they use suicide attacks on you, Then there are the Flood infected people which used to be humans and they usually either use Plasma Pistols or Shotguns, and then there are some weird things that blow themselves up and cause HEAVY DAMAGE but they are easy to kill just as long as they dont get too close to you.Those are mostly all the enemies in the game so I really shut up the gamer from Austin, TX who gave this game 3 stars. Sorry that this wasn't a real review but looking at everyone elses review i'm sure you will buy this game and enjoy it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo: Combat Evolved was the best Xbox game EVER in my opinion when it was still relatively new. First time I ever played it was at my friend's house and I had such a blast! It was fun playing story mode with a friend, and the multiplayer maps were awesome! I favored the maps that held vehicles (Sidewinder, Blood Gulch).The story mode was and still is great to play, though since I have beaten it numerous times in the past years it's not as exciting, mainly because I know what to expect now. That's why when I do play it I try and find funny/interesting things to do. I like playing around with the Hunters (one of my favorite baddies), and the armless Flood that follow you around and can't hurt you! It's fun to see how many of them you can get to follow you! I think the most I've gotten was three or two.This version of Halo would be considered outdated, since most people are playing Halo 2 or 3, the newer versions. But this game is what started it all! Without "Combat Evolved" there probably wouldn't be a 2 or 3. Neither sequels have a better story line, I think, and the Spartan armor is cool and better looking than the armor in the second Halo.Few things I dislike about this game is that you can't be an Elite. :( And you can't fight against bots, which would be very awesome if you could! Every game that has multiplayer should have a bot option.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo, for the records is a GOOD first-person shooter, but not a greatly exceeding one. Halo uses fine sound, incredible graphics and extraordinary game play that leaves you breathless in your first five minutes of action. The hype did live up and Halo is fun...but there is the con to it. There are only four kinds of alien enemies and they are more cute and dangerous. The weapons are very well created, but there isn't a variety of them, only a pistol, shotgun, rocketlauncher, and rifle. You can use your enemy's weapon and find out they are much better. The use of vehicles in the game add a little more and makes the game good. It's fun and will delight the child in all of us, but there's just not as much to choose from, what you start with in the level, you'll end with, making the overall experience bland.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is by far the best First-Person shooting game to date, and probably the best game out there. Why you ask?1.)Artificial Intelligence - Enemy or Ally, they think on their own. They will duck when under heavy fire, they will hide if they are outnumbered, they will tell you if the coast is clear(allies)... basically you would thik they have a brain.2.)Controls - Perfect as in perfect..OK OK there is always room for improvement. The XboX's 2 analog sticks are just awesome, but could really use a mouse and a keyboard. But the XboX's controller is just as comfortable as using a mouse and keyboard.3.)Graphics and Sound - You gotta see it for yourself. No words to describe it, unless &quot;FANTABULICIOUS&quot; is a word.4.)Multiplayer - I loved N64's Goldeneye for its superb multiplayer (4 split screen). Multiplayer here is just too enjoyable, the battle arenas are larger and more enjoyable.What do I hate about it? You can only carry 2 weapons...
3	B00005NZ1G	Let me first of all say that I am a mac user, which means I've probably played every single game that Bungie ever made, starting with Pathways into Darkness and Marathon, which were mac only, to Marathon 2, Marathon Infinity, and then the whole Myth series.This game represents all of the great things Bungie was known for back then, which makes me immensely happy because when Microsoft bought them I was afraid they would screw it all up.All of Bungie's games are known for demanding strategy. You can't always just run in, guns blazing to get the missions done. You need to work around the perimeter and pick off a few guys at a time, gain the advantage of the higher terrain, and be effective with explosives when the crowd of enemies gets too thick. Halo continues this fine tradition.Bungie also has always pushed the envelope with the game engines, and Halo, likewise, is totally beautiful. Also the physics model is very realistic. Driving the various vehicles in this game is mad fun.Finally, Bungie has always been known for AWESOME multiplayer, and thats where this game really shines. If you can get a bunch of Xboxes and link them together, you absolutely must play this game with a ton of other people. It is just simply amazing. Halo could be multiplayer only and still have won the game of the year award.My only complaint? Well, another characteristic of Bungie is that they love mythical games, ie. dwarves and wizards or aliens and spaceships. The game is really good looking, but there needs to be another level where you play in a human city or something, because the spaceship motif kind of gets old. (Keep in mind that all 3 marathon games take place in space ships or other planets, so maybe thats why I think Bungie needs a change of pace.) Also, the game drags real bad in a couple of places...it just gets monotonous.Still, definitely five stars and definitely a must own, esp. since its now only $30.
3	B00005NZ1G	Never before have I witnessed such a game...this game has set the standard for XBOX games across the globe. Halo is a first person shooter that you can play on 4 levels Easy, Normal, Heroic, and Legendary (Note legendary isn't for kids under the age of 17 due to graphic language). The games graphics are the best seen on console or anywhere. The controls are easy to learn (believe me if I can do it you can do it) and the game has all kinds of surprises. Not to mention, you get all kinds of weapons (human and alien)...you fight 2 different enemies...and you get a neat computer (Cortana) who is inside of you just about 80% of the game. The story is cool, sound is awesome and realistic, and the game play will keep you busy for hours. Start on Easy then work your way to Legendary. It saves the game for you on all 4 levels of game play. You can save as much as you want throughout the game.The Multiplayer is a great addition to this game...plus...all the extras if you play more than 2 players...HALO HAS IT ALL AND THEN SOME. Bless those programmers at BUNGIE STUDIOS...and this is coming from a woman who complains about her husband ALWAYS playing games and not paying attention to HER...well, this game changed my mind. Thanks to BUNGIE AND XBOX...HALO 2 is coming soon...and I can't wait.Pick this up...it is the BEST GAME EVER...I promise you will NEVER want to part with it or put it down.
3	B00005NZ1G	this is the best game i ever played! and i play tons of good games! but this 1st person action shooting science fiction game is the BOMB! the only thing that may be better is either halo 2 and delta force black hawk down when they come out! this has classic vhewicles and guns like plasma pistol, plasmarifle, pistol, assault rifle, sniper rifle, rocket launcher, shotgun, fragmentation grenades, plasma grenades, banshees,warthog, scorpion tanks, and much, much ,much more see yas
3	B00005NZ1G	On Christmas, 2001 I recieved an XBOX along with HALO. I couldn't ask for more. So it's animated, so what the graphics are amazing. The plot is perfect and it will keep you in supense at times. This is the type of game that you'll want to play even after you beat it. I don't know why it hasn't got an overall perfect rating. Although a great game I reccomend this game to kids over 10 due to the bad language.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the start of it all. This game is the one that started it all. The Halo book the flood and this game takes place at the sametime. This game got a game of the year award.The game follows the same with sonic the hedgehog series for an example when the first sonic was made sega was experimenting with it to make a sequel that better than the first.Halo follows the same but the game is awsome. there are 2 versons of the game for xbox and PC. In the pc verson you can use the fuel rod gun but in both versons you can't use the energy sword cause the moment you try it explodes and never get it at all.The game has a level setting easy normal heroic and legendary but you already know that right if i find that you haven't played this game i will probably lose faith in humanity and activate Halo.The graphics are awsome, the music is out of the world, the gameplay is fantastic, and the control is wow the game is out of the stars.In he xbox verson you can connect your friends xbox with yours for multiplayer madness and down right destructive.The xbox verson has 3 special features a preview of Halo 2 a video demo of Halo 2 and lastly the making of Halo 2 documentary.
3	B00005NZ1G	I'll admit I am not the most avid first-person shooter gamer, but Halo was unbelievable.  I especially enjoyed the touch of the vehicles.  For those of you that prefer something more realistic, get one of the Medal of Honor games.  But, if you can disengage your sensibilities for several hours a day, Halo is a can't miss.
3	B00005NZ1G	You are the ultimate commando - a cybernetically enhanced soldier representing the peak of human military evolution. You are efficient, skilled, and dangerous. A sci-fi shooter that takes place on a mysterious alien ring-world, Halo will have you battling through amazing indoor and outdoor environments, in vehicles, and on foot with the largest arsenal of futuristic weapons, vehicles, and combat roles of any shooter ever. Your situation: In a desperate attempt to keep a conquering alien race called the Covenant from finding Earth, you and a ragtag group of Marines flee to a distant uncharted system where you unexpectedly stumble across Halo, an enormous alien artifact in orbit between a gas giant and its moon.Your objective: Uncover Halo's horrible secret, and destroy mankind's nemesis - the Covenant.Here it is, the system seller. Halo lets you infiltrate enemy bases, either with computer AI or with a friend. And not only on foot, but you can also jump in and out of military vehicles on the fly with no load times or pauses. Add to that an incredibly atmospheric and dynamic Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack, and you have a must buy war fps/vehicular combat game.Its true that a keyboard and mouse is best for games like these, but if you get used to playing with a gamepad, you will find the game more fun. At first when I played Quake 3 on ps2, it was hard, but after I got used to the controlling, it was easy. Everything seems hard at first, but give it some time and practice and you will see results. If you still cant play with a gamepad then wait till they come out with a keyboard and mouse for xbox. If you seen the movies for this game, you know that its really not only the graphics that make this game good, its the real life physics, animation, sound, story, and A.I. that makes this game so good.* Huge Weapon Variety - Vanquish your enemies with a vast array of Human or Covenant weaponry ranging from the stealthy (semi-automatic pistols and needler guns) to the fierce (rocket launchers and flame throwers).* Vehicle and Foot-Based Action - Tackle missions anyway you choose - be it storming an enemy base or taking the wheel or gunnery position of a variety of powerful vehicles. Vehicles range from stolen Covenant flyers to Human buggies and more.* Indoor and Outdoor Combat - Fight seamlessly in Halo's ultra-realistic indoor and outdoor environments as you hunt the Covenant in a variety of single player missions and multiplayer battles.* Intense Multiplayer Shoot-outs - Form a team, choose a role, and fight cooperatively with your friends, battle it out Deathmatch style via intense split screen, LAN-play or fight co-op with a friend through the single player missions.* Incredible Mission Variety - Fight the Covenant in a variety of missions as you uncover the dark secrets of halo. Among your many objectives - attack enemy outposts, raid underground labs for advanced technology, rescue fallen comrades, steal alien vehicles and weaponry and snipe enemy forces.* Reality Bending Special Effects - Halo features the most advanced graphic system on the most advanced gaming platform in the world. Gunfire rips off the screen, explosions light up a living room, and environments blur the line between your couch and fantasy.* Rich Sci-Fi Experience - Halo transports gamers into a science fiction universe fresh out of a Hollywood movie. With a detailed twisting story line, complex characters and cunning enemies, Halo will fulfill every sci-fi enthusiastis
3	B00005NZ1G	What more could I say about this game that hasn't been said. If you like shooting games, you will like this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo blew everyone away when it came out because no one was expecting it and it was one of the beat looking games of its time.This is definately a good game to play if you've never played a first person shooter. Also if you have an Xbox, you should get this because it is awesome.RatingsGraphics, Then:10, Now:7Sound:10Replayability:6Controls:10Drawn In Atmosphere:9Fun:9Multiplayer, Co-Op:9, Multiplay:9
3	B00005NZ1G	THis game is the best. Here are some pros and cons for the game...Pros:Addicting....hella!The enemies are cool looking.The A.I is smart.Lots of weapons.Many vehicles.Not that hardNot that easyYour a cool looking bot/humanMissions are not that hardMissions are not that easyFun multiplayerMany multiplayer modesCheap price.Cons:No A.I for Multiplayer!?!No Xbox Live, (Halo 2 will though)Not that many missions.Slow frame rate.Overall this game is fun.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the number one game out for any system so far.  And I'm not X-Box biased either.  I have a gamecube and a ps2 as well.  Not only is the story in this game enticing and engrossing, it actually is thought out, unlike most games coming out now.  To the people who "played" this game and said the graphics looked like those for a ps1, I want to see which ps1 game you're playing because I have never seen graphic capabilities such as Halo on any other game system (PC not included).  The best part of playing this game is not playing the story alone, but rather going head to head with your friends or playing co-op and shooting the elites in the front while your friend sneaks around and melees them in the back.  The multi-player of this game is the best you will ever have with any game.  I have had this game since it came out and I still love battling it out with my friends.  The weapons are well-modeled, as are the characters.  Some of the single player maps are repeated, but you get over that after a minute when you enter the heat of the battle.  Also, this game is not just blast straight in guns blaring.  At some parts you sneak past large groups of enemies, bypassing them completely.I urge anyone who owns an Xbox or who is considering one that Halo is definitely enough to buy the box...(The PC version requires a very good computer to have the half the frame rate of the Xbox version.)The controls of this game are just perfect.  They require a learning time of about five minutes and you'll look like a pro.Another fun thing about the multi-player is the fact that you can change the amount of damage it takes to die.  When playing free-for-all, one grenade and you're blasting off to the ceiling.  In a Team Slayer like game, it takes multiple grenades to die.  This challenges those gamers who like the one-hit kills to try something different.If you purchase this game, you will not forget the experiences and memories that you have.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the game that started it all!! Great game that was one of the first FPS to have success on consoles.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is awesome.  The graphics...the game play.  Everything is perfect.  This will be the game for XBOX.  The game play is great.  It is not a boring game.  There is something always going on.  Buy it!!!  It is worth every penny.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo - Circa 2002GOOD:- Balanced Gameplay- Make or edited your own multiple player matches- Considered Classic to many Video Gamers today- A.I. is challenging but not overpoweringBAD:- Some story mode levels feel a little empty- Sometimes gameplay feels a little repetitive- Lack of real variety in enemies- Liner level design- Story seems a little lacking (you have to fill in a lot of your own impetration)- Small amount of multiple player mapsIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Sci-Fi military FPS where you fight off an alien race who wants you dead, similar to Starship Troopers, Aliens (Alien 2).- Only get to carry 2 weapons at a time- Drive vehicles, such as tanks jeeps and alien spacecraft- No online play so system link seems the way to go- Co-op play (only on system link or spilt screen) availableGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Halo 2- Doom 3- Perfect DarkADDITIONAL NOTES:- There is a funny online show called Red Vs Blue which loosely based on Halo- This is the second console tile for Bungie who released (in association with Rockstar who is know for Grand Theft Auto) Oni on PS2; P.S. Oni was not that good- This game is also for P.C. (and it has more maps, online play and new weapons)
3	B00005NZ1G	best online/multi player game and one of the best single player games i have ever playedthis game will change all other games. without this game there would be no xbox!
3	B00005NZ1G	halo combat evolved is the best 1st person shooter period halo 1 is the best game in the series and in my opinion has the best campaign mode buy this game
3	B00005NZ1G	Remember Wolf3D or DOOM?  They were called &quot;corridor games,&quot; because most of the game was set in a hallway.  Halo, on the other hand is mainly OUTSIDE, so you're taking on fire from every direction.The best thing about this game is that you can play fluently between 1, 2, 3, and 4-16 players.  In other words, if you're by yourself, beat level 2...then you and some friends can cooperatively beat level 3-5, then go back to playing alone for levels 6 on.I usually don't like a game that's so frustratingly hard, but this game is so fun and perfectly set up, that it just keeps you coming back for more!
3	B00005NZ1G	I came very late to the Halo experience, mostly because I didn't have the capabilities of investing in Xbox live.  My TV and Xbox is upstairs, my cable is downstairs, and plugging the Xbox into the cable box downstairs would require me to drill holes in the floor, yadda, yadda.Well, along came wireless networks.  I finally decided to convert my computer, Tivo, and Xbox to wireless, thereby skipping the awkward problem of cables between floors.  My wife surprised me the Halo collection one day (I love my wife), and just like that I was playing Halo 2 online.  But this review is about the campaign, which I just finished yesterday.Halo follows the story of Master Chief (Steve Downes), a cyborg awakened for the sole purpose of kicking alien butt.  He is ordered around by Captain Jacob Keyes (Pete Stacker) and the sassy artificial intelligence hologram, Cortana (Jen Taylor). We never get to see what Master Chief looks like, because he always wears a helmet.  This makes him alternately customizable (that could be YOU under that helmet!) and strangely impersonal.Master Chief is part of an ongoing war against the aliens known as The Covenant.  Who exactly they've made a covenant with is uncertain. These aliens range from squat comical Grunts to the dog-like Jackals, from the predatory Elites to the behemoth Hunters.  The Covenant ambushes Master Chief's ship, the Pillar of Autumn, and it ultimately crash lands on the ancient ring world known as Halo.  But that ring is there for more than decoration, and both the Covenant and the human forces are in for a nasty surprise.Halo has it all, from a veritable geekgasm of detailed human weapons torn right from the Aliens Space Marine playbook, to ground and air vehicles that can inflict even more destruction.  Marines shout orders and follow Master Chief's lead, just like Starship Troopers.  To paraphrase Hell Comes to Frogtown, everyone is there to kick alien posterior and chew bubblegum...and they're all out of bubblegum.Halo is drenched with testosterone, a product so perfectly targeted to adolescent boys that I actually created Master Chief as a comic book (that I published, incidentally) long before the Xbox even existed.  That's right, Brenkin Kree wore a featureless helmet, carried a rocket launcher on his shoulder, and had a wristwatch computer named Babe who bossed him around.  Just like Master Chief, he was bred specifically for war.Did Halo rip me off? As much as my ego would like to think otherwise, I sincerely doubt it.  Halo is merely the distilled perfection of every boy's dream; the biggest badass in town, thrust into an Aliens flick and armed with all the military might of the future.In retrospect, Halo is surprisingly mundane.  Mostly, Cortana comes up with new missions and tells Master Chief what to do.  There's very few twists, but plenty of old standbys: kill this target, rescue this person, flip a switch and kill lots of aliens while doing it.  The vehicle missions tweak this paradigm a bit, but not by much.  Mostly, I survived by having Master Chief smash his vehicle into the bad guys, jump out, and run for his life while spraying the countryside with hellfire.  Shake well and repeat.The character scripts are well done, but good scripts are now standard fare for most first-person shooters.  We expect the marines to act intelligently, the bad guys to act even more intelligently, and the drones to act like morons.  As my wife is fond of pointing out, the Grunts are funny and stupid-looking so it makes it okay to kill them.The voice acting is passable.  Taylor's voice acting in particular is uneven; she ranges from sedately reading her lines to infusing them with far too much enthusiasm, sometimes in the same breath.  Since she's critical to the plot, this is a major flaw in the game.  Because her commentary is only loosely tied to what's actually going on in the game, I often had difficulty understanding what she wanted me to do.  Sorry, Cortana, did you say "that's an awfully big pit, don't fall in it" or "that's an awfully big pit, JUMP in it"? This led to several frustrating moments where I didn't know what the hell was going on and just ran around until either Cortana flat out told me or I figured it out myself.There's a few things that make Halo different.  For one, Master Chief has a personal shield that regenerates quickly over time.  This means that, barring a series of sudden attacks, Master Chief will always survive (this is a difficult adjustment for someone new to the multi-player...there's no slow sniping, it's either one-shot one-kill or nothing). Master Chief can apparently leap tall buildings in a single bound, but the jumping mechanism isn't particularly precise...which can be deadly in the wrong situation.  Finally, the same mechanics that give air vehicles a weightless feeling also applies to ground vehicles, making them maneuver more like gliding hovercraft than actually 3.25 ton road hogs.Compared to today's standards, Halo's merely a good game.  But back when it first debuted, it was a great game. I enjoyed experiencing a bit of gaming history.  We'll see how Halo 2's campaign stacks up.
3	B00005NZ1G	It's time for an honest opinion of the game that X-Box owners tout constantly without pause: Halo.  First things first: There is next to nothing original about this game.  Rather, it seems more an experiment in REFINEMENT.  Everything in this game has a very strong level of balance to it, and it doesn't seem that (besides graphics and in some cases sound) that Bungie took really big risks with this game.  There aren't any bots to speak of, networked play has been around for years either on the PC or Playstation 2, there are few weapons to really speak of, enemy variety is also hurting, and the AI is fantastic but merely represents one of the best around, not a higher echelon in enemy intelligence.  Multiplayer, alas, I haven't been able to play much of, and though it does show a lot of promise, especially with the vehicles and options, is pretty much as extravagant as Perfect Dark, the last game to define this genre and really push boundaries.  People have also said that this takes the narrative of FPS to a new level.  You can't really claim they're the first to go to this depth with the story, however, as both Nintendo and Sierra/Valve have pushed the envelope on FPS stories with their respective Pefect Dark and Half-Life.  Control is near-perfect (save the clunky movement for vehicles), but doesn't make any leaps over other console FPS's (then again, if it ain't broke...).This brings me to the only two advancements that Halo makes in the way of shooters: Graphics and sound.  These are merely aesthetic details, too, but I will give Halo credit as it is the best looking game I have ever played, bar-none.  While it doesn't have the graphical variety of later Gamecube games like Metroid and Wind Waker, everything has a gritty look to it here, and bump-mapping does make for some great eye-candy.  Physics are terrific, as well, and the shadows cannot be matched by any other game.  Reflections are also superb, and the people in the game are modeled with painstaking detail.  Your jaw will drop at the opening cinema when you see the captain's facialm movements and expressions.  Everything just seems to have its proper place in the game, and that really helps in drawing you into the admittedly well-crafted Starship Troopers-esque storyline.  Sound, alas, is also pretty friggin good.  Ricchochets of bullets and the roars of the Covenant as you bring them down are pleasing to the ear, as well as other ambient effects.  The music, while sparse, becomes heart-poundingly intense at just the right times.  The voice acting throughout is also well-cast.  It does manage to set a bar for shooter audio that will be hard to match.These things being said, I have no doubt in my mind that Halo isn't one of the greatest games to come out in awhile.  Yet, my friends, it's just ONE GAME, on a system that really doesn't offer much besides that ONE GAME.  Munch's Oddysee is about the only other game that acheives anything noteworthy or memorable (unless you count DOA:EBV's bouncing...uh...volleyball), but beyond that the water's pretty tepid in X-Box country.  I'm guessing that's why this is all X-Box owners have to talk about; it's the only thing that's still keeping them entertained.  Really guys, if you want things to be excited about, get a Gamecube, or at least a PS2.  It's been almost a year and a half now; calm down already.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have only one word for this game, that word is WOW!!Wrote the above line based on the first day or two of game play. Since then, the game has gotten better and better. Between the shot guns, sniper rifles, rocket launchers, and even a tank that will make the "Warthog" look small and puny by comparison, the game just keeps toping itself.
3	B00005NZ1G	ok i luv this game . i try to play it as much as i can cuase i don't have an xbox yet and my friends own it so on weekends we luv to play 4 way multiplayer all i can say is this game is fun and it is a buy!
3	B00005NZ1G	The graphics are amazing, the controls are splendid (and utterly customizable), and the multiplayer is intense. There's a fantastic variety of weapons from Sniper Rifles to alien Plasma Rifles. And much to the enjoymant of so many, there's finally a melee button. Tap it to smack an enemy in the back of the head and get an instant kill. Instant gratification. Yes, the story is just any generic Sci-Fi story for most gamers. But spend a few minutes at fan sites and learn about all the story going on behind the scenes... there's much more going on than is immediately obvious.There are also three interesting featured of gameplay that define Halo gameplay.-Shields: You have a rechargable shield that automatically recovers itself to save you. If you can keep the damage down, you are essentially invincible. The problems start when your shield hits 0 and won't recharge until you can get out of open fire.-Tactical combat: Unlike Quake, this is not a twitch game. The gameplay is a step faster than Counter-Strike. Action is a bit slower than most games, but in that it becomes much more intense. That extra moment when you're lining up a shot trying to get that last-moment kill make the experience so much more.-No magic pockets: You can only carry two guns (and your always-present melee ability). You'll spend tons of time thinking about the battles that lie ahead and what weapons to take. Ah... the Sniper or the Rocket... what to do... classic FPS gamers tend to complain until they set down and see the real strategy in the choices.But something sets Halo apart, and it's the attention to detail. Fire your assault rifle and listen closely, you can hear individual hammer clicks and the chambering of each bullett. On a big outdoor level, stop for a moment and you can hear the wind whistling through the terrain. You can hear birds chirping in the distance. Watch an alien run to get in position, and you'll hear feet/boots clacking and armor smacking as they move. And if you've ever played Bungie's previous series Marathon, you'll quickly notice a million tiny connections. The detail makes it great.Not to mention the detail in the physics engine. I don't want to spoil too much, but there are a LOT of interesting tricks that this engine is capable of. For example- putting explosives under a vehicle flips it over. Getting more gets it airborne. Pile up two dozen grenades, and you get something special...
3	B00005NZ1G	This game raises the bar for console gaming for any genre. I've played many of the top console games (GTA3, GT3, Devil May Cry, MSG2, Twisted Metal Black, DOA3, etc.) this year as I own both XBOX and PS2, but this is the most enjoyable by far. To be sure, this game has some major flaws such as limited weapons and enemies, major frame rate drops during intense battles sequences, and repetitive gameplay. But only a game as great as Halo could distract the gamer away from these fatal issues to reach video game bliss.The split-screen cooperative mode is amazing and the most fun I've ever had playing a video game. The intensity level of some of these battles played out with your marines against the aliens are straight out of Star Wars.One note to PC FPS veterans- as you might expect this is not your average PC FPS which requires lightning quick reflexes.
3	B00005NZ1G	halo is the best multiplayer fps ever and 1 of the best fps games ever made.
3	B00005NZ1G	For the first-person shooter (FPS) fan, Halo will seem like a dream come true. It has one of the best AI's ever, awesome graphics, terrific length, and great controls. Also, the mulitplayer modes are what make Halo so great. Between capture the flag and slayer on a system link, a group of kids will have a blast playing Halo if they are fortunate enough to have two Halo's, two Xbox's, two TV's, and a system link cable. Another element which makes Halo so great is the variety of weaponry and vehicles. You can throw two different types of grenades. shoot from a number of different guns, and drive/fly in four different vehicles.However, even though many people will hate me for this, Halo is not perfect. All of the maps in each level are very similar. Meaning, although each level is unique, individually inside of each level everything looks the same. Also, in many of the levels, the scenary is dark, very dark. Many times you will need to pause the game and raise the brightness level on your TV just to see your oponents. Also, at many times during a specific level Halo can get boring because it can get repetitive. Don't get me wrong, most of the levels are so unique and so action packed that it is non-stop fun. On the other hand, there are one or two levels where u do the same exact thing the entire level (Ex: in one level you follow a blue monitor, fight a group and aliens, follow the monitor, fight again, etc.).Although there are some downs and ups of Halo, the average gamer will absolutely love it. It is non-stop action from beginning to end. However, the gamer who totally detests first-person shooters might not like Halo that much. Because of these reasons, i believe that Halo is one of the, if not the most overrated game(s) of all time. However, that doesn't keep it from being a winner.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is certainly one of x boxs best games. Although at first glance it seems like a normal first person shooter (FPS) theres something about it that puts it above the rest. Rather its playing co op as you and your friend blast the crap out of hoards of covenant or playing standing over a pile of dead flood in single player it has something about it that hooks you and makes you want to come back to play more. The plot line is that your the last of your kind refered to only as the master chief a kind of solider bread only for combat helping fight with humans to beat the covenant in there holy war angainst man kind. But you discover a super weapon, halo and must destroy it as well as the convenant. The plot line is much deeper as you go on in the game, but i dont want to spoil anything.****GRAPHICS****The grapichs are nothing out of the ordinary. The graphics are good for backgrounds and bojects but very chopy sometimes block like on your character (the master chief), marines (the soliders fighting with you), and sometimes the flood (something fighting you) but oddly almost never bad on the covenant (the evil alien people fighting you). The graphics are mainly blocky dureing cut scenes. The graphics are nothing to complain about and are good for a game in 2001 so theres really no complaining about it****GAMEPLAY****This game redifened FPS for there gameplay. Some complain that its not good because theres no stealth or no skill. Well theres not stealth because IT NOT A STEALTH GAME! Its a FPS (first person shooter) not a tactics game. And even though theres not a lot of stealth there is some especially later in the game. Even though the stealth isnt required it helps. And it dose require skill, but the kind of skills you need for a FPS not a tactics game. The gameplay gets alot better by the third level and up. The enemy AI is incredibly good senseing your arival being able to team up and surround you and lots of other things about there AI is good. Theres a wide selection of guns to choose from human and alien gunds includeing a shot gun, rocket launcher, needler (shoots explosieve needles), plasma rifle and many more guns. There are also two kinds of gernades a plasma gernade and a fergmentation gernade. All of these you can pick up from dead enemys or marines (your comrads) although you can shoot your comrads for ammo its not a good idea. Also theres vehicles you can drive human and alien ones as well includeing, scropin (a giant tank), warthog (a hard to control all terrian vehicle), banshee (a airplain like thing, yes it goes in the air and you can have short lived dog fight) and a ghost (a hover craft) theres also a few more and gun turrets to get in as well. The only problem with gameplay is that in levels different areas are exactly the same in look except for one thing meaning it very easy to think youve been in that area you need to be in and you get lost.****SOUND****The sound is very good. Aliens make wierd screaming sound when they see you and the second there shoot as well as when there dieing. Your marines say, well interseting comment while fighting as well as the covenant (some of them speak english!??!). The guns make sounds when there fired or richochet off off of things. The only problem with sound is during cut scenes the lips dont match up with the words at all.All in all its a great game defiently worth playing. I think it over rated as the best game ever made but not by alot. The replay value is o.k. with multi player mode providing a few hours of extra play and playing the game on legendary mode makeing a whole new games worth of play. It defiently worth buying.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is, without a doubt, the best game for X-Box or any other game console. Every facet of this game shines quality and every detail is superb. Everything that comprises this game has been covered with near flawlessness. I would be hard pressed to find a game that is as addicting, enjoyable, and fun as Halo. Halo is not only a fantastic first person shooter, Halo is a fantastic game. Period. An X-Box gamer who doesn't own Halo should be scolded for not having purchased THE game for the X-Box. The graphics, music, sound effects, replayability, and controls are all top notch and the storyline is involving and immersive. Halo is a top tier game for a top tier console. Not owning Halo is CRIMINAL!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is my favorite XBOX game, and NO, I am not saying it because everyone else is.....I beat this game with a friend in CO-OP, which is a lot of fun. I keep playing it all the time and it is still loads of fun.....The framerate never dropped for me except the last level in the Warthog, so I don't know why some people are saying it drops a lot!  Buy this game if you have XBOX. I know someone with XBOX but not this game but two really stupid games.They don't know if they should get it. OF COURSE THEY SHOULD! I have nine XBOX games and this is the best.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the best game i have ever played! a must get for anyone with an XBOX. it may seem easy at first but gets harder as you progress. if it seems to easy than put it on the hard modes. only get this game if you have a lot of spare time, you'll find it very hard to put down.
3	B00005NZ1G	If this had not of came out, i have no idea what i would be doing now. Ahh, back when videogames were still making good stories. These are one of them games that you can go back and play the story over and over again. There is about a dozen missions total and each one should be about 30 to 45 min. to beat on Heroic. Most of you should know the story but the forerunners made the halo's. Now the covenant want to activate it because they think it is a weapon. And so on that is where you come in. Very good graphics for 2001 xbox game, and the music is amazing. The mutiplayer is not online but you can play split sceen or system link on several maps and game modes. The begining starts on the pillar of autumn and the covenant starts boarding, you need to get rid of them all and escape before it blows. When you escape you land on a halo and you are the only survivor. The atmosphere is like earth and you need to hide from the oncoming enimies. From there on you talk to cortana, AI inside of helmet. And find stranded troops to rescue. The atmosphere changes from space, night, bogy, creepy when the flood comes, to epic when you escape at the end. Great game that started it all, and still gets played.
3	B00005NZ1G	This may be my favorite video game for XBOX!! I hope Master Chief can destroy the Covenet and the flood!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo Combat Evolved; one of the best games gamers can get for x-box; the game starts in year 2552. Earth became over populated and humans needed somewhere to live, so people started colonizing other worlds. Thats when humans found Halo. The covenant " Halos Aliens," religious elders and covenant warriors arranged a Holy War upon humanity. Can the marines and the crew defeat the covenant and their strong forces, or will they need something stronger like a master chief? Halo combat Evolved; the covenant is everywhere, Grunts, jackals,eliths,and even the big ones,hunters. this is more game action than gamers can handle. Gamers are the master chief,leading the squald as gamers go through the game and try to stay alive. Can gamers defeat the covenant and not die? Halo combat Evolved is rated "m" for mature. Since this game is rater mature, ask your parents for permission before getting
3	B00005NZ1G	First putting it in, I was amazed. Was amazed. After beating the game ( about 20 hrs ) I found it to get boring, but the multi play for with your friends is where the hidden jem is for this game. This game was clearly made for when Xbox goes online. So make sure you dust this off after 6 months and give it a try.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is THE classic xbox game, if you own an original xbox, you should have this game, #2, and #2 mappack, these games are the classic shooter and you will love them, also great for LAN parties :D
3	B00005NZ1G	I loved it from the moment I booted it up.  It wowed me with its wonderful graphics even before I started playing.  When I did start I found that it's gameplay was even better!  Pretty soon I was blasting aliens like a pro.  If your looking for a good Xbox game to buy then get Halo.
3	B00005NZ1G	This is Simply the GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME. If you are reading these reviews trying to decide if you should buy it or not. JUST BUY IT. The graphics are astounding, the game play is awesome, and the story is great. Playing it at a LAN party is the ultimate! The only thing they could have improved on is the saving options. Other than that is 10s all the way across.
3	B00005NZ1G	There were some monotonous parts (the library) and has two control mechanisms I hated (crouching by constantly holding the joystick button down), and driving vehicles (should have been like GTA, it would be simpler), but otherwise I couldn't put it down!  Especially worth it now that you can get it used for 10 bucks.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have played many different first person shooters and have liked lots of them, but I would have to say Halo was my favorite.  Sorry DOOM.  I have had many hours of fun with this one.  Great to play with friends or by your self.  Its not a puzzle type shooter there are no switches to hit, no doors to open, just kill, kill, kill!PROS: Top Notch graphics, fun weapons, dirveable vehicles, easy but exact controls, TEAM PLAY and the ability to hit the enemy with the butt of your gun, GOD I love that!  It was the right balance of everything!CONS: XBOX Live  - but hey it was an early release.  HALO 2 will cover that.  There are tons of enemies, it would have been nice to battle a boss or special character, now and again.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is still the main reason to get an Xbox. It has garnered much praise for its excellent graphics, incredible A.I, and good story. However, a few things hold this shooter back from being truly revolutionary.Pros:Great GraphicsGreat PriceSmart A.IFour Difficulty LevelsYou can play Co-OP!!Awesome multi-playerYou can ride around in vehicles such as tanks and jeepsGood voice acting and storyConsThe single player levels all seem the same. Many textures, environments, and settings are used over and over again. It gets insanely repetitive to go through the similar looking areas over and over again This is why the game gets 4 stars.There needs to be more weapons. I believe there is something like 10 of them in the game. While they are excellently balanced, more would have been nice.All in all, Halo is still a must buy. It is fun, and if you have a bunch of friends over, is a blast. The repetive environments are the only bad thing in the game. Buy this game immediatly, invite over 3 friends, and let the party begin!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	Now can I rlly say anything about this game that has not already been said? No I didnt think so. The game is perfect in every way that I could think possible it has a great plot and storyline, great characters, awsome weapons and vehicles, good villians and allies, everything about it is beautiful. The muliplayer is awsome you could play it forever with 3 other friends battaling against eachother or u could have rlly good fun playing on teams or playing the actual game with 2 people. So as I said all ways you can look at it this game has got to be one of the best games I have ever played and I am encouaging, no enforcing u to buy it if u have a Xbox!
3	B00005NZ1G	'Barnicles!! This game is Awesome!!! Halo is BY FAR THE BEST FPS (first person shooter) ever made!! If I could, I'd give this vid. game 6 out of five stars!! It's just that amazering!But seriously, there are at least 20 great reasons that I can think of for you to buy this game. And here they are:*Incredible game play and fun*Gorgeous 3D environments and good character visuals*Smarter AI (that's Artificial Intelligence, fer all'y'all  newbies)*A little bit of humor thrown in. Every game needs it!*Seemless adrenaline (sorry, don't know exactly how to spell it) inducing action*Ingenius control schemes*Ingaging storyline*Cooperative Play on the Missions is available!!!*Well worth the price value*Fitting Sound track (music)*Around 26 fun-filled multiplayer modes*Up to SIXTEEN people can play with a system hook-up thingy*Characters that ya love to love and love to hate*4 fantastical drivable vehicles, including a flying one*4 difficulty levels*Changeable suit color for Master Chief (multiplayer only)*Can be played on the Internet*Incredibly funny end cut-seen for the Legendary mode*Hours and hours and hours of gameplay*Very high replay valueSo if you have an Xbox or are thinking of getting one I encourage young and old alike to buy Halo. (The ESRB Rating System rates a few vid. games a bit too harshly. Just compare this Mature rated game to R rated movies and you'll see the difference). Take my word for it, you most likely won't even need to rent Halo first before buying it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo played in sinlge player is a pretty average sci-fi FPS compared to similar PC games, not really any better than quake 2 or 3. In the co-operative mode it becomes a great two man game. As a multiplayer game, Halo is nothing short of a social phenomenon. Eight on eight fighting parties take place every weekend in every dorm room in america...
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the latest in a series of universe-changing (and unbelievably addictive) first person shooters.First, there was Wolfenstein.  (I barely slept for weeks.)Then DooM and DooM II blew Wolfenstein completely out of the water.Then Quake made you permanently renounce your allegiance to DooM.Then Half-Life made you say: "DooM...?  DooM who?".And Halo will make you permanently forget all of those.
3	B00005NZ1G	first off  i loved this game since i got it for christmas with the first xbox system..i mean its why i wanted a xbox to begin with..this game has  fantastic graphics  high replay value and a great story and  great characters...  master chief can take on  joanna dark anytime  while saying "is that the best you can do??" without even breaking a sweat LOL  perfect dark zero?? no thanks..  halo  and halo 2 are the real deal :)  cant wait for halo 3 on the x box 360 :)ok  when u play this on the x box 360..it feels different..in fact better! ok  its halo turbocharged .. the controles seem to be smoother and the cut scenes are now presented in widescreen format..not bad at all ! and the graphics are smoothed out more..to the casual eye  you cant tell but if you are a hard core halo gamer  it rocks !play halo..and stay away  from games like perfect dark zero..and quake..which are just pale rip offs  its my opinion and im entitled to it...nuff said..
3	B00005NZ1G	HALO, the game all XBOX owners can brag about owning and playing, is a blast.  You really can't find a problem with it from story, graphics, gameplay, controls, and even down to every game's flaw; the camera!  There seems to be nothing wrong with this game, and that's what makes it great!Here is a little bit about (in case u haven't heard) XBOX's greatest game, HALO: Combat Evolved.1) Gameplay: So much fun!  You have dozens of guns, vehichles, and of course, Aliens to shoot and kill.  You must work as a team with your men and (optional) your human counterpart.  You have grenades, machine funs, pistols, and have the option to pick up and use Alien weapons as well.  The key here is, you can only hold 2 weapons at a time...which adds a twist and a challenge to the entire game.  Now, you must kill dozens of Aliens, find bases, save lives, drive jeeps, destroy buildings, and take out Alien Ground-troops.  You are Earth's last hope! Good luck soldier!Now, you can drive dozens of Vehichles in this game, ranging from Jeeps (with a gunner on the back and a side), Hover-crafts, tanks, etc...  You can use these to run over aliens, transport yourself long distances, and even, as cover against enemy fire.  The whole thing is a blast and the Vehicles are just a part of the whole experience...awsome fun!2) Graphics: Superb!  Luscious green grass, crystal clear ocean water, moons, Earth, the ring planet, explosions, ships, etc...All brought to life in a way only the XBOX could!  And though this got an M rating, the gore here is extremely minimal.  Blue blood comes out of dead aliens, and when your men die, red blood appears.  But there are NO guts, no excessive bleeding, and NO GORE that most parents would have to worry about their kids (11 and up) of seeing.  Everything looks crisp and clear, dust kicks up fron shots on the ground, water splashes, people get dirty and muddy...it looks so real!  Truly a revolutionary game in terms of graphics!3) Sound: So awsome.  Your men talk to each other, with lines like "My bad!" when they accidently shoot each other, or "I had him!" when u shoot an alien another was aiming at.  Jump off a cliff (driving a jeep)...and land it, the men on your jeep cry out in joy and yell with excitement.  When Aliens are killed, they brag to each other "Did u see that shot?" or yell "There's plenty more where that came from!"  The voice acting here was great, and it's just fun to fight with your men and yell in joy...as they will yell back and cheer at the sign of victory!The explosions are huge and make you jump, the engine roars when stuck in mud (on a jeep), you here cars flip and crash, and even here the last yells of a die-ing comrad.  When one of your men die, u really feel you lost a soldier...even a brother (well, I wouldn't go that far, *lol*) because it brings to life everything we've waited for in a video game.4) Options: Tons!  You can do up to 4-player split screen (or connect up to 16 players through Lan), 2 player co-op (where you and a friend work together through all the missions...will you survive?).  Dozens of game types, vehicles, etc...you'll be spoiled for choice on what to play next.  Dozens of missions, exciting gameplay, HALO is a winner in terms of having fun for a LONNNNNNNNNNNNG TIME!5) In game moves: You can jump, shoot grenades, turn a helmet light on or off (lighting is incredible as well), crouch, hit or punch aliens with your gun or arm, trade guns with one on the floor, and hop into dozens of positions in vehicles (gunners position, driver's position, side shot, etc...).  Good controls will help you 2, as you'll never be board of playing.Overall I'd reccomend HALO to anyone older than 11 and loves hard-core action.  The story, 2-player Co-op, multiplayer and system Lan, this game will keep you entertained for many hours of gameplay to come!  And when it finally does end...there's HALO 2 too look forward to in the next year (can u say XBOX Live).Enjoy!
3	B00005NZ1G	This is the classic halo.  The scenery is beautiful, the campaign is fun, the music is amazing.  I dont know anyone who doesnt like this game.  I also like the fact that this is one of the few games that is still popular that has lots of cool glitches to find. This game is such a great value, everyone should own it.
3	B00005NZ1G	this is unlike any game any of us have played, it has nice graphics and gameplay and replay, Multiplayer rocks too.To bad this game isnt out for xbox live. When you play this game you wont be able to close your mouth because its that cool, different things happen while your playing for example. you might be shooting some aliens while your A.i buddies are helping you and at the same time theres explosions and the mothership is bringing more backup and at the same time some other buddies are on a warthog(jeep with a machine gun turret in the back) shooting everywhere and running over people.
3	B00005NZ1G	IT's great to go back to the battles and shoot those aliens.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo Is by far one of the best shooters of all time.  It has a great campaign mode.  The only thing I don't like about the halo is the multiplayer modes--they are just really not that fun.  The only multiplayer level I really enjoy is bloodgulch.  It is great to play if you have 1 person over, or if you have 4 people over.  But overall halo is a really great game.
3	B00005NZ1G	I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Very deep plot and loved the jeep driving ending. Even though the middle parts of the game was repetitive and the jeep was hard to drive, a great game overall in it's time!
3	B00005NZ1G	The game is not over hyped.  Know why?  Because I knew squat about games before I got an xbox.  I never listened to my friends talking, never looked at anything on the internet.  Nothing.  Than I saw halo at the store.  Looked cool, so I bought it.  It was and is the best game I have ever played.  I did not know any of the hype before I got the game, and I still thought it was the best.  I told my friend about it and he looked at me like I was an idiot.  HE had known about it and thought was the best.  I had not, and thought it was the best.  The controls are like butter, the graphics are awesome and the multiplayer feature is great.  So what are the dumb people who write negative reviews talking about?  Who knows.  I would suggest not bothering to read them.....unless you want a good laugh.
3	B00005NZ1G	I have this game for Xbox . I have beat it on single player and Cooperative mode with a buddie . Its a good game but i beat the game in three days . Its a long game but it doesnt take long to get through it . The game is fun battling the covenant . But it gets better later on when the flood comes in to the game . Then its a real challange as you battle them both . The levels are big and are fun but sometimes the indoor levels get boring at times. The funnist part of the game is that you get to drive awsome stuff like the Warthog , Ghost and Banshee . Also your marines will help you when driving the warthog they will jump in the side and in the back to gun down the covenant. If you want a good combat game and something to play with your buddies then get Halo.
3	B00005NZ1G	I like this game to Half-Life. This is a fun game to play with just about anyone. I am not a huge fan of FPS-style games, but I definetely liked this one and it is by far the best one out on any console system.
3	B00005NZ1G	Charge into battle with your gun blazing, pick off foes from far away, or just blast those alien scum to peices. The choice is yours. Halo is posibly the best Xbox game ever. None can match the awesome power of this game. You are the SPARTAN II, a cyborg designed to take down the alien race called, the Covenant. Your powerful suit of armor gives you sheilds, strength, and agility. Use eight different guns and four different vehicles to stop the Covenant and uncover the secret of Halo, the planet your ship and its crew escape/crash into. Kill all that stands in your way with military tactics. This game is probably the best Xbox game and should be the first game you buy when you get an Xbox
3	B00005NZ1G	WOW!  This is easily the best shooter I've ever played, and also one of the best games I've ever played period!  It's definitely NOT for younger/more sensitive gamers, but if you're an adult, like myself, and you want something more than Mario or Crash Bandicoot, then you'll LOVE it!  My first game purchased for the XBOX was Max Payne (Which is also fantastic!), but HALO blew me away!  The sound/graphics are amazing!  If this is a sign of things to come on the XBOX then I believe we're in for some real treats!
3	B00005NZ1G	I love Halo, Halo is Great form the indepth story line to the amazing weponry it is great in every way shap and form
3	B00005NZ1G	Half-Life really didn't INVENT the sci-fi first-person shooter, but it sure did succeed at doing it well and popularizing the genre.  The Playstation 2 had their stab at it known as Red Faction (a first-rate game, might I add) and now XBox is boarding the gravy-train with Halo.  And I can safely say, after playing more 1st-person shooters than I care to mention, that Halo is a smashing success, as well as a benchmark by which future progress will be measured.The graphics, though not running at the desired 60 fps, are still enough to make you stop and simply scan around using the right analog stick.  The worlds in this game are awe-inspiring, as well as chock full of landscape objects and detail.  And some of those landscape items make all the difference in the world.  THIS is really where Halo shines, because you no longer need to stand toe-to-toe with an enemy to combat it, nor do you need to play peek-a-boo around walls &amp; corners.  Success at Halo depends on using the terrain &amp; surroundings to your advantage as you progress.  Duck behind a rock, circle around the rock to the nearest tree, sprint across to an indentation in the cliff face, the plethora of objects makes fighting so much more realistic and fun.And it isn't only the terrain that makes it interesting, the enemy AI is extremely logical and doesn't pull the typical &quot;charge right into you at gunpoint&quot; or the &quot;run around without any clue or reason to where I'm going.&quot;  If you duck behing a tree, the opposition fire ceases, but take a peek and expect some fire to come your way.  It's so simple, but rarely has the enemy AI been done this well to the point where it looks like they are following some sort of battle plan.  And that goes for your backup also.  The good guys will fall in behind you, lay down cover fire, strafe from point to point, and generally act like a real combat battalion instead of like simple cannon fodder.  Refreshingly accurate!The only disappointments are a fairly limited roster of enemy unit types, some atrocious control on the jeep-type vehicle, and the fact that often you won't really be informed of exactly what needs to be done next, though the game remains linear enough that aimless roaming does not last too long.The XBox hype machine has been in high gear for this particular game, and rightfully so.  It is certainly the launch title to have for the system (like Soul Calibur was for DC, and SSX for PS2) and is so far THE killer-app for the XBox.  If you are at all inclined towards the 1st-person shooter genre, then by all means this should be at the very top of your must-buy game list.
3	B00005NZ1G	I remember gttin this game last christmas w/ the xbox an man every day after school i would play this forever with my friend on co-op! The story takes place where you (a spartan II) awake in the middle of a war against an alien race known as the covanent and you are forced to evacuate and end up on the ring world of halo (then u can figure out the rest for yourself...). Or sometimes my friends and i will go against each other (usaully sidewinder for the glitch...). Get this game an go co-op with your friends, vs your frinds in multiplayer (supports LAN) or take on halo by yourself with choosing one of the four difficulties: EASY:no gernade using required jus shoot da covanent down an feel like the Terminator as you watch the covanent fall before you. NORMAL:Gettin more serious! some gernade using required and you mjay die here or there even on co-op but funner than easy! HEROIC:This is almost insane but my friend and i got thru it (Me alone playing i can only beat it on easy an normal).ALOT of gernade using here! Plenty more blood this time! LEGENDARY (bumm bumm bumm bummmmmm!!!)THIS IS SUICIDE! Heres HALO at its max! get ready! Me an my other friend beat the first and last (I was eager to see the secret ending! Youll run out gernades for sure! Blood baths everywhere!! I suggest u bring a buddy along so it wont be immpossible and not as stressing. GET THIS GAME IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY cause not only are there SPOILERS SPOILERS!! 10 levels of action packed gameplay and its only 30$$ at gamestop (the game is over 100$$ worth!)!!! If you just cant get an xbox no need to fear! Theres always halo for pc...And look for HALO 2 coming soon!!!Cya!UPDATE- UGH I wanted to rate this a 5 not a 4! Error on my part sry =P
3	B00005NZ1G	Since growing up playing on my atari oddysey (pre-NES), I have rarely come across a game which excels in every aspect the way halo does.  In everything from gameplay &amp; replay value to graphics, story &amp; soundtrack, every facet of the game is superb.  This game is a must-have for anyone with an X-Box &amp; for those that don't have one it is a reason to get one.
3	B00005NZ1G	The whole Halo bandwagon, fanboy fag crap and all this other Halo crap is really getting boring. Now they got books and Halo 2 is getting more hype then San Andreas ever did. So why do people like this game so much? Because you shoot aliens.This game is so basic, I could of invented it. It is the best shooter on X-Box, but it is nowhere near what GoldenEye was on the N64. Sure, everybody loves Halo because it was the best game on X-Box and some kids still think it is. GoldenEye started shooters, and no game will ever be better. I am not just saying this because you shoot aliens, but a simple alien storyline gets pretty boring after a while. Halo was fun, but now it is out of control. I am not like that other guy, but I would rather shoot real people then shoot aliens. The plotline in GoldenEye was so much better, and the guns were better.The storyline is that you are a magical thing that is a captain of a spaceship and you are sent down to kill aliens. Now, the game is impossible and your health meter refills automatically. This is good but it was invented because they made it hard. The guns are sub-par, and not as good as GoldenEye, which had real guns instead of little play guns that shoot green crap out of them. The game has it's up's because you can drive and has a great multi-player, but it is not as good as driving a tank in GoldenEye, running over somebody. GoldenEye has a better storyline and better levels, sad that GoldenEye came out in the late 90's and Halo came out for X-Box.But, it is fun, thats why it has 5 stars. But the game is not as good as GoldenEye because GoldenEye had better guns, a realistic plot, bad N64 graphixs and it started the shooter genre. So Halo fans, hate me and give me 100 negative votes, but you all know which game is better, and it's not this.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo had the best in-game storyline ive ever seen. it literaly blew me away. get halo and when it comes out, halo 2. multiplayer rocked.
3	B00005NZ1G	Alright..This is gonna be a review thats gonna say it all (This is also gonna be different from my other reviews)This game is overrated because of one thing...Theve never saw a great FPS for along time.For example GoldenEye007 or PerfectDark. Or possably they never even enjoyed a great FPS game before. (Not like those crapped up ones)This solves the WAYYYY OVER RATED problem.The graphic engine sometimes gets to peoples nerves cause its 30 frame per second. Right?, Correct it is 30 framerate..But People that play Goldeneye007 or those other FPS fans will not even notice it. In short..This is the best 30framerate ever..But people that watch closely will experience a tiny slowrate..But in truth this games graphic has possably one of the best graphics for an FPS game.s0unD: People of those fantasy will love this music junk. Its not like one of those ROCK,hiphop and rap like G-UNIT. People that like Fantasy music (Not like the lonly FFX music) will enjoy this. But for the people that enjoy G-UNIT,50-C,Watever will NOT enjoy this. But as for the Assualt Rifle or any sound like that Captures it..Otherwords..FlawlessDislikers: Its true that this is from the ALIEN covernant or some idiotic terms like that. In other words this is why I rated it a 4 in the first place. I dont like the fact that im versing uhhh...ummm 4-5 inch Alien that screams at the top of his lungs? And Aliens that slap you silly? 0hh and dont forget the Parasite that looks like Popcorn..If your not of Sci-Fi or dont even like Aliens but like FPS games..its best to rent it first.--Actually its best to rent everygame you thinking of buying b4 you buy it.Truly if your a PS2 fan than tell me..WHAT FPS IS BETTER THAN HALO FOR PS2 EHH!!! EHHH!!!Red Faction: O common ITS TOO SHORT! AND HAS BOSSESHalf-Life: YAH...Right! It doesnt stand a chance.Redfaction2: Woah..ITS IN X-BOXso thats ur answer...
3	B00005NZ1G	I absolutly love this game. It really does feel as if I am the Masterchef. The closeness between me and the character is very high. I've always said that simpler/earlier games or tv seasons have a cozy and controlled feeling to them and Halo is no exception.I have played the heck out of this, so much so that the only levels that are hard for me to beat on normal one player are Two Betrayls and sometimes The Library and Keys (but usually outrunning the enemy on half of those levels works). Taking the good old assult rifle and running into a group of Covenent, shooting those Grunts to bitts and shotting then progressivly butting the blue elite to death. Ahhh good times indeed.Also the games story always intriqued me, you always have a sense that the humans are outnumbered even when things are looking up, and the last half has a mysterious and bleak feel to it, enriching the experience. It's just a shame that the game itself doesn't provide much backstory. Not that I'm complaining I love the novels attached to this game's universe.Sure the game does display it's age now, but it remains a fun ride. I'll always remember it as one of two games that got me into playing the XBox. The other one being Jet Set Radio Future.
3	B00005NZ1G	i wont rant about Halo 2, because this is supposed to be about Halo 1.  If you have Halo 2, i'd still suggest you get, or at least play Halo 1 to understand the storyline.While the levels in the single player mode leave quite a bit desired, (the library-once you've played it you'll know what i mean) the multiplayer mode is absolutely outstanding.  I saw someone mention that, "it only has 8 guns"  well those guns are all extremely well balanced, and each one serves a certain purpose, and very well i might add.  Most games just shove a ton of guns at the user, and are not really different from each other.  For example, Rainbow 6 3, there is only minor differences between the 6 different assault rifles.  And the complaining about "only 4 vehicles."  Well in 2001 when this game was released, that was a ton.  I dont see anyone complaing that Rainbow 6, Ghost Recon, Unreal Tournament, Doom, or anyother PC game didnt have any vehicles at all!  The vehicles also serve a certain purpose in multiplayer extremely well.  While only 3 are pilotable in multiplayer, they offer a huge variety to the battles and gameplay.  My only complaint with the multiplayer are the lack of levels.  While the levels are great, for the most part, they get old.  If X-box live had been out when Halo was released, i can only imagine what they could have done with the game.On graphics, Halo is unmatched by any PS2 FPS.  My brother owns a PS2 and i have played a ton of PS2 games, and compared to halo, they suck.  Multiplayer is for the most part, limited to splitscreen, although their is a system link option.  The graphics in Halo are very good and have a lot of detail.  Although the texturing is fairly decent, it gets over used, and the visuals usually end up with a blocky kind of atmosphere.  This does however, make intense battle scenes a lot less choppy, so it's not just a matter of holding down the trigger and waiting for the game to process what all is happening.The sound in Halo is great, the surround sound isn't perfect, but you can tell if someone is walking up behind you, or you can here someone reload from around the corner.  The music however, is probably some of the best that is in any game.Halo is definitely a 4-5 star game, and worth the buy.  Once again, even if you have Halo 2, it's worth your time to go play Halo 1 and learn where the storyline is coming from.
3	B00005NZ1G	A solid game to go back and play even today, I recommend playing the halo games in order if you are new to xbox.
3	B00005NZ1G	i love this game! it is so cool! it has a superior plot, it has a 10/10 gameplay, 10/10 graphics, and overall, buy this game! it one of the best buys you're gonna get!
3	B00005NZ1G	During all of the hype surrounding the launch of the XBOX, one game title kept being mentioned... &quot;Halo.&quot;  This was the linchpin of the XBOX launch lineup for a reason- it is the best first-person action game on the market.  From the storyline to the gameplay to the novel use of exotic vehicles for completing missions, this game is truly awesome.  Anyone who owns the XBOX either should have it or should get it.  All I can say is, &quot;Where is Halo 2?&quot;
3	B00005NZ1G	The basic idea is that Halo, this ringworld planet, is essentially human's last hope for survival. They have been battling with an alien Race known as the Covenant for who knows how long, and the war has been see-sawing back and forth. You are a Master Chief, a highly trained supersolider sent to retrieve a captain from a ship that crashed on Halo. You'll shoot your way through all kinds of aliens, and there are also humans there to help you out from time to time.
3	B00005NZ1G	Game of the Year baby! Whoooooo!
3	B00005NZ1G	Quite a fun and thrilling game.  XBOX's first behemoth is incredible.  The storyline is fantastic, and Master Cheif is one of the greatest game characters I've encountered.Try It.  Especially with the release ofHalo 3
3	B00005NZ1G	halo is the greatest first person ever created.the graphics at the time were stunning and even now 3 years later they look great.halo is one of the few fps that has an involving story.and another strong point for halo is the master chief hes cool.im a halo fan but the only complaint i have is the diffuculty its a bit easy if you have an xbox and you were stupid enough not to buy BUY IT NOW WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR HALO IS WAITING
3	B00005NZ1G	Man, when it comes to FPS, it just don't get no better than this.Pros:Excellent graphicsKiller gameplay systemCo-Op storymode, ALLRIGHT!!The multiplayer is the funnest I've experinced since goldeneyePlayer profiles are pretty coolWith a game as good as this, the replay values gonna be highXbox's breakthorugh game, blew the whole world away, with alot more reason to back it up, the game's just pain out fun.Sheild is cool cuz it can always recharge, and you're ready for more pain to bringCons:Driving the jeep with the minigun on the back, can sometimes be troublesomeI don't understand thee plot in stoyr modeMan I wish I could pick up every gun on the ground instead of 2 at a timeToo bad you can have custom soundtracksI brought this game, thinking what if it's a dissapoinment, or what if it blows the living heck out of me.  And I was glad it blew the living heck out of me.  Where all Bond games failed to make a game as good as it's predicessor, Halo, is the Goldeneye of next generation console, and action fans should not miss out on this!  If you have a Xbox, and don't have this, you should be ashamed.  To those that have it, then y'all easily know what I'm talking about.Peace
3	B00005NZ1G	Very nice first person shooter, once you get the control down pat its a fun ride and extremely entertaining, only small gripe I have is that some of the human characters look so bad it's almost funny.  It's really wierd cause everyhting else in this world is gorgeous.  Is it a system seller, I dont think so, but I do think it's a must have if you already own the system.  It's got some replay value as well.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo was one of my first games for Xbox, and it is my brother's favorite. It is long, but very fun. It isn't too hard either to complete a level, and the controls are fairly easy to learn. It is great if you have a friend to play with, because then you can help each other get through all of the levels.Pros:1) Great Graphics2) Great Multiplayer or Single Player Game3) Large amount of items4) Just plain fun5) Fun vehicles, such as warthog (car with guns), Tank,6) Realistic, for example, if you throw a grenade and go near it you die. If you friend uses a melee attack on you get hurt. If you vehicle is shot at many times, it dies.Hovercrafts, and ships that actually fly.Cons:1) Quite violent for younger children2) Fairly long levels, and in multiplayer mode you cannot save.As you can see, a great game. If you have a friend, you better be careful because they can hurt you ever if it is cooperative. >.> I've had my brother abandon me a bunch of times because he felt like it, or so he says, then he'd take off with the only car in the game. However, I completely recommend this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Unbelievably addictive.  I'm a sports gamer and not a shooter/role play guy, but I have spent hours at a time on this one without even blinking.  I can't wait until I get a shot at playing more.My wife (not a gamer) loves watching what unfolds next.Yes, buy it.
3	B00005NZ1G	You are the Master Chief, a cyborg that is only 1 in a few left in the galaxy.  You will be defending the human race against aliens called the Covenant.  They have discovered a ring called Halo that the Forerunners built to contain another race called the Flood.  You are the only one that will be able to stop the Covenant from reaching the rings powerful artifacts that will end the human race.  Good Luck! :)Halo has surpased all the hype from when it first came out.  It has the best AI i have ever seen in a first person shooter.  Not like in 007: Agent Under Fire, the aliens will actually have life like techniques, such as ducking, hiding behind trees or rocks etc.  Halo also has great graphical design work.  People are complaining about the 30 instead of 60 framerate.  Looks fine to me.  There are only 10 levels in the game, but it will keep you busy for quite some time, so I don't think that is much of a problem.  There are incredible types of gun designes.  You can even carry alien weaponry.  You can only hold two weapons at a time, but it makes the game more lifelike, knowing that u cant just pick 10 guns from out of your pocket! :)  Halo also has incredible vehicles for your enjoyment, whether it be using them to run over the Covenant, or just see your self sailing of a cliff in 1 of the levels!  There is a reason why this game has been having so much hype from the beginning!I certainly recommend this game to all of the people that like first person shooters!  I am certain that this is 1 of the best FPS's out there, especially for the x-box.  Bungie certainly out-did themselves!  There is not TOO MUCH blood and gore, but you parents might want to check it out before letting your children play this terrific game.  The re-play value for this game is excellent.  So, overall, Halo is obviously 1 of the best first person shooters ever, and maybe right up there with the best games ever!
3	B00005NZ1G	...Xbox game I'd want to have on a desert island, assuming, of course, I had electricity and my HDTV home theater there too. Halo really raises the bar for other game developers to shoot for in this genre.The weapons, vehicles and AI are amazing! The Scorpion is majorly fun, but my only complaint is the Warthog. For an all-terrain military vehicle, its complete lack of traction doesn't make much sense. Until, that is, you try to run the gauntlet at the end -- when you'll really hate it!I finished Halo in about six late nights, and then went back for more. My son and I recently discovered the Cooperative Play mode, which is a total blast. I can't wait to try Internet Play with multiple human opponents.Bungie's Halo franchise simply rocks on.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is the one game that XBOX can brag about even if it goes bankrupt in a year from now(like that will ever happen with Bill Gates). The graphics are not so hot when you first get it. Then when you get into campaign mode and you look at the details on the grunts, you realize that this game is wicked cool. After this sensation, you will be wanting to play this game non-stop. It is one of the greatest moments on xbox when you beat halo under legendary. After that challenge, you still have half of the fun left: multi-player which is brilliant. You could just get halo for the multi-player action. There is nothing more fun than killing your friends right when he is entering a tank with the flag for a protected ride back to their base. Halo is the game of the year and anyone who doesn't agree, either hasn't played the game or is mentally crazy.
3	B00005NZ1G	I've played all the Halo games including Halo, Halo 2, Halo 3, Halo Reach, Halo ODST, and Halo Wars.In my opinion, I would rank the games from best to worst as Halo, Halo Reach, Halo 3, Halo 2, Halo ODST, then Halo Wars.I've played through the game at least a dozen times over the years. While it doesn't have some of the perks of the older games such as dual-wielding weapons, it still holds its value. A lot more people are going to realize just how good this game is when they get the 10 year anniversary remake on the 360 coming in November 2011.The battles between aliens and humans has long been done before, but never to this bliss. The story is believable, the characters seem real, and it all comes together nicely.Gameplay: this is my favorite part of the game. Though the story is a close 2nd. You basically jump right into combat after a few warm-up lessons. You shoot your way through your ship and try and make it to the escape pods in the first level. You face the covenant forces that include grunts, elites, jackals, and hunters. You can carry two weapons and up to 8 grenades. This is a first person shooter while in combat mode. You can shoot your weapon and throw a grenade at the same time. Your weapons include pistols, rapid fires, shotguns, snipers, grenade and rocket launchers, and you can also pick up the covenant's weapons including the plasma rifle, needler, sniper, etc. Every weapon can be used as a blunt instrument. The marine grenades are traditional bounce and explode while the covenant grenades you pick up are plasma and stick to the target. You get lots of vehicles to use in the game including a jeep, tank, enemies hover craft and ship. You eventually have to fight a new alien race called the flood. There are many levels that take place on your ship, the ring world (Halo), and the enemies ship. The gameplay is long but you never get the repetitive feeling.Story: You are space marines from earth and are fighting a war against the covenant who seek to use what they think is a powerful weapon that can win them the war. They have chased you through the galaxy and you end up on a strange ring world called Halo. The covenant seeks to unlock the power of Halo and you pursue and try to stop them. You have an AI hottie with you called Cortana (voiced by the talented Jen Taylor) that helps you throughout the game, along with other marines that survived the assault on your ship.Multiplayer: The game allows you to play through the campaign with 2 players. With the game's difficulty setting, it is a blast to have 2 players and go through the hardest difficulty. You can have one of you hold back while the other one goes in guns blazing until he dies and responds back to you. Then switch off. While there is no online multiplayer maps, you can system link 4 consoles and play up to a 16 player battle. I did get to try this with a group of friends and it was a fun experience. There are multiple modes for battles and while it is fun to battle it out with friends, I still prefer the campaign mode.This game definitely made me a fan of the Xbox. See my review of Halo 2.
3	B00005NZ1G	My oldest brother just bought an XBox, and I have to say it's a pretty awesome system! He bought three games and he was only hooked onto one of them, Halo. Halo is a very intelligent game with superior AI and awesome gameplay. The battlegrounds are simply amazing and I can't believe that the graphics were so sharp! Halo is a game where you are a marine and you step onto a planet to battle fierce aliens with the latest technology. They'll sneak behind you or they'll just come up out of nowhere to try and kill you. This is where your instincts come in handy, you'll have to know where to hide, run, and when to dodge their weapons. Halo also comes with a different variety of sweet instruments of destruction, including the rocket launcher, assault rifle, shotgun (my favorite, extremely powerful.), and a hell of a lot more. The battlegrounds are mostly inside buildings but there are also a lot of battlegrounds in snowfields where enemies hide. The game gets harder throughout your progress, but to make it a fair battle you also get stronger with more weapons and ammo, plus you'll be more trained. Halo is a breath-taking game that'll keep you on the edge of your seat. If you have an XBox or are getting one soon then buy this game at all costs!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo's a first person shooter. Which means that from a first person perspective (mostly), you shoot stuff. The formula hasn't changed a whole lot since Quake's addition of the real third dimension, but Halo's beauty lies in its execution. The game world provides an interesting place to fight, from its wide-open meadows, to cramped, claustophobic internal corridors. The AI, both enemy and friendly, is some of the best ever seen. The Covenant soldiers, your fellow inhabitants on Halo, will outflank you. They will chase you. They will bring reinforcements, they will gun you down, and they will laugh at and mock your still warm corpse. The little cowardly grunts will run and scream, and panic appropriately, when you stick a plasma grenade on their face. The friendly AI will not only realistically follow you and augment your offensive capabilities, but will show genuine anger at fallen Covenant, and flee from friendly fire.The end result is that while not necessarily revolutionary in terms of gameplay, the execution gives it a revolutionary feel. You rarely feel alone on Halo - whether it's marines fighting by your side, or Cortana (an AI, that's been loaded into your suit) telling you to "Watch out, there's two of us in here, you know?" - there's always someone, or something to interact with.The addition of vehicles, on top of all this, gives Halo an extra dimension that keeps the gameplay feeling fresh. Hop in a Warthog jeep, with a friendly soldier manning the chain gun in the back, and you can plow through huge numbers of enemies, nigh-effortlessly. Snipe a Covenant Banshee pilot, and their mini-plane will crash into the ground at your feet, and skid to a stop mere feet in front of you (or if you're not careful, the wreckage will take you out, as well). If you're particularly careful, you can even snipe the pilot out of the plane, and hop into it yourself.All this adds up to a sense of immersion and freedom that are almost unmatched in FPS history (Deus Ex being the sole major exception). While some of the level designs midway through the game can get repetitive, the sheer sense of danger, panic, fear, that the game can create are enough to keep a player interested even wading through piles and piles of enemies.Every surface is bump-mapped, every surface is beautifully textured. While Halo doesn't feature the volumetric grass found in games like Tony Hawk 2X, the textures on the ground, on the rocks, on *everything* are fantastically detailed. On the Dreamcast, or even on the PS2, walking close to a surface often reveals a good deal of pixelization on textures that cover most large surfaces. Not so on the xbox. The closer you get, the better things look. It's rare that you'll find a mip-mapping boundary, and it's rare that you'll find *any* texture defects.The character models are highly detailed, and very well animated, particularly the model for the Master Chief. There are very few moments in the entire game, where the animation will pull the player out of their state of immersion - there are few clipping problems, there are few jerky transitions between animations. Almost all the time, things look realistic, smooth, and believable. Snipe a Covenant Elite in the head, and it will crumple, lifeless to the ground, just like you'd imagine it would.Halo isn't just a graphical representation of a few levels that are tied together to form some mishmash of a coherent story. Even when there are large changes if your orientation between levels (being transported on a dropship, for instance), the variety of graphical detail, and the sense of good overall design always keep you feeling like you're in a *place*, *on* a ringworld, rather than just playing a game set on one...
3	B00005NZ1G	I just recently bought this game for about $10 dollars.  I had always heard is was awsome but had never even played an xbox(I've been a PS2 fan for a while).  After I played the first couple of levels I was not dissapointed.  This game is simply amazing even today, I can't possibly imagine how good it must have seemed back when it came out.  The gameplay is terrific, and so are the graphics.  The sound and music to the game is awsome.  I highly recommend that this game is bought and not just rented because it is well worth owning.
3	B00005NZ1G	I love the older games. Halo is the best. I had to get another game because I wore the first one out. I like the delivery time and the price.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game should easily deserve 5 stars. It has an awesome single player and a lot of multiplayer stuff. This includes a System Link function for up to 16 player games, a co-op mode for two players to play in the single player campaign, and a split screen mode for up to four players. There are A LOT of ways you can twist and edit multiplayer games to make them harder or just plain funnier. And with 4 or 5 levels of difficulty in single player and more than 7 stages in multiplayer (with very many tweaks) this game doesn't get old.I did find problems with the 'Game of the Year Edition' of this game after playing the original version on my Xbox. It kept giving me 'Dirty Disc' and 'Networks Errors' before a multiplayer game, even though the disc was fine. But you shouldn't have this problem as long as you don't keep any of your old user profiles from the original. If this is the first time this game is running on your Xbox then you shouldn't have any problems.
3	B00005NZ1G	this game is one of the reasons why you should by an x box from its impressive visuals to its excellent sound shows how powerfulthex box is.the A.I is excellent the wepons you get and the vehicles you get to ride is great,but what makes this game the best is its gameplay and its story line it is going to suck you in and not let you go until you are done and still you would want to check out the multiplayer options from co-op mode to the head to head such as capture the flag,orignal death match etc.there is one problem the game ocassionaly hiccups in two player co-op mode.this game alone is worth buying x-box itself,if you have an x-box and dont have this game you should run to the store right now [dont walk but run].
3	B00005NZ1G	Forget all you computer NERDS out there who are so OBSESSED with First Person shooters on your PC. You should stop thinking that consoles dont have the &quot;right stuff&quot; for that type of game. Well the point is Halo will be the first person shooter game of the year, no question.
3	B00005NZ1G	Being new to the Xbox 360, I had been wanting to try out the Halo franchise that garners so much praise and hype.  However, never owning an original Xbox, instead having both a PlayStation 2 and a GameCube, I figured it would be best to start off with the first game of the series.  So, I recently purchased Halo: Combat Evolved for the Xbox.  The game plays quite well on the Xbox 360, with the exception of minor frame-rate drops everytime multiple enemies occupy the screen at one time.  This is a minor problem, but the frame-rate is still smooth enough to allow for fluid gameplay.The story is quite compelling, and quite unique as well, and does a great job of grabbing the players' attention.  The story takes place in the distant future where space travel and planet colonization is standard practice by humans.  Humans have colonized a planet known as "Reach" and use this planet to genetically alter humans into cyborgs known as "Spartans".  This practice has infuriated an alien race known as The Covenant.  The Covenant has begun attacking the planet Reach and destroying Spartans and humans.  One ship manages to escape with a Spartan on board.  The ship is known as the Autumn Pillar, and the Spartan is Master Chief Petty Office John-117, better known as simply Master Chief.  Covenant begin boarding the Autumn Pillar, and leave Captain Keyes with no choice but to release Master Chief and other Marines in escape pods.  Before launching the pods, Master Chief picks up the central control of the ship, known as Cortana, and fuses her connection to his own cybernetic suit.  The two crash land and must find and gather any humans who have survived.  The two must then go on to rescue Captain Keyes, who has been captured by The Covenant and imprisoned on their ship.  Keyes issues a command to Master Chief to locate the control panel of the Covenant's main weapon, Halo.  Halo is a giant ring-like structure that contains massive energy and could cause serious extermination if activated.  Along the way to the control panel, Master Chief discovers that the Covenant have woken a dormant alien race known as the Flood.  Now the fight between humanity includes a new enemy, as the Flood continue to spread rapidly.  Master Chief is left facing some difficult decisions as the story progresses further.The gameplay consists of run and gun shooting that occurs at a fast pace.  Enemies are very intelligent on the higher difficulty levels, and even the inclusion of an automatically regenerating shield is sometimes not enough to survive the enemy onslaught.  The lands are very detailed, but sometimes can become extremely repetitive.  Many of the levels consist of the same room design repeated over and over again, making it feel like you aren't really getting anywhere and are simply running in circles.  Some levels become tedious at times, and the feeling of "repetition" begins to grow as the level progresses.  This rule definitely applies to the later levels where it feels as if you are simply re-entering the same two rooms over and over again in some sort of infinite loop, each time the rooms contain the same enemies as well, making the level feel even more repetitive.  Stages that aren't so repetitive are quite compelling and fun to play in, but these are limited to the first few stages, as the game progresses the level designs lose their luster, becoming mundane and boring.  The graphics hold up quite nicely for a last gen game, and the gameplay is smooth and addictive.  The weapons the player picks up from the enemies are very effective and with enemies appearing by massive quantities, it's always easy to find another weapon to replace your current one upon running out of ammunition.Another complaint I have regarding the original Halo: Combat Evolved is in regards to the controls of the vehicles.  Some vehicles such as the Ghost and Banshee pilot beautifully, giving the player amazing control over the vehicles.  However, the Warthog can be unruly and almost impossible to control and navigate, especially in tight corridors where obstacles are abundant.  This is what makes the last level of the game almost impossible to beat since the Warthog has such a hard time maneuvering properly without hitting obstacles.  The steering of the Warthog has greatly been corrected in the later games though, but in Combat Evolved it is a vehicle I like to try to avoid driving.Co-op is a great mode, and adding multiple users really makes the game even more exciting, especially on the higher difficulty levels.  The ability of players to "re-spawn" their allies when not in combat allows you to continue the level without excess dying.  Had the levels been more unique, and less repetitive, I would have given this game a perfect score, but with the repeating rooms, and lengthy stages, this game's flaws are too drastic to go unnoticed.  I enjoyed the game, and I can definitely see why people love this franchise.  The game is not as good as its sequels, due to poor level design, awkward Warthog steering, and fewer weapons, but it truly innovated shooters on many levels and has quickly become one of my favorite franchises ever.  If you want to follow the complete Halo storyline then you should start with Combat Evolved, but if you want to simply get the feel for Halo for the first time, I say skip Combat Evolved and start with Halo 2.
3	B00005NZ1G	I dug up my old XBOX I got years ago but never really played, my dad said we should get Halo and play Co-op. Having never played Halo before, I kicked myself in the butt for missing out on this amazing experience! My dad and I play ALL the time, solo, co-op, pvp. If you are like me and haven't played, dig out (or buy an) xbox, and play this game!
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a masterpiece, and I'm sure you've heared it said more than once.  The game has single player, and multiplayer co-op and competitive modes, and incredible story line, and some of the best graphics ever seen.  Too bad there aren't more guns, but you can be sure to see them in the sequel, which is set to be released february 2004.
3	B00005NZ1G	Short and Sweet! This is by far the best game ever made, if you don't have either halo 1 or 2 get halo 1 because its cheaper and alot more fun!
3	B00005NZ1G	All I can say is WOW!  Just got my Xbox from preorder this morning and spent most of the day playing Halo. There are so many great things about this game, I hardly know where to begin.First off, even though this is a console FPS (First Person Shooter) the controls are absolute dynamite.  I have heard numerous criticisms of the Xbox controller and I can honestly say that I found it to be not only extremely comfortable but also amazingly precise.  This game doesn't make you wish for a keyboard and mouse which is the first console FPS I can really say that about.Second the polish on this game is absolutely top notch.  The enemy AI is the best I have ever seen, the graphics are very detailed and smooth, and the game is just all around a blast to play.  The single player mode alone is great, but the real fun is the campaign with a buddy co-op mode.  My friend and I played this game for four hours straight together and we couldn't stop playing it was so much fun.  The difficulty level is just perfect; challenging but not at all frustrating and because the AI is so good it keeps you coming back since no two encounters are alike.All in all I can't say enough good things about this game.  If you buy and Xbox (and you should) BUY this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Unlike 97% of the other X-Box users, I did "not" buy my X-Box for Halo. Infact, when Halo came out I didn't even like it. Its true that this game has received way too much hype for what it really is. It is not true that this game is the best FPS game ever made, infact it doesn't even come close.Halo is basicly Quake III, Red Faction, Aliens vs. Pred 2, and Half-Life all rolled into one game. The big difference is that for the Video Gaming industry, Halo was the best thing people had ever seen before, but for the PC Gaming industry, Halo was just another space first-person shooter.If I were to rate this game on the basis of the PC it would only get 3 stars, but from the X-Box perspective its an O.K. game. Infact its pretty damn fun once you get into playing it in multiplayer mode. Even single player mode deserves praise with a some-what interactive environment. Co-operative play is by far the most fun however if you only have 2 or 3 people playing the game. Adversal multiplay doesn't really pick up until you have atleast 4 players.One thing that is a big plus but also a minus is that you get to drive vehicles such as 4v4's, tanks, and a small handful of hover craft in this game. The bad part is that the driving physics for half the vehicles are questionable at the very least. The 4v4 is by far the worst handling of all and takes skill, luck, and patience to get the hang of. But if you have 3 human players in the 4v4 at the same time, you feel like a team.The graphics for this game are beautiful and the sounds are rich and clear. Some of the missions are a little pointless and annoying, but if you get past them its fun again. The controls are fairly easy to get the hang of once you play for awhile, but the double control stick way of moving and looking around is a bit of a strugle to get the hang of.Game atmosphere and level design are both high scoring with all types of level formats and styles. The atmosphere runs higher when playing higher difficulties, but its fun either way.Bottom line: Halo is still an over rated game, but it is a fair bet, and if you like FPS games of the Quake/Red Faction era you should enjoy this game. I haven't yet played Halo on X-Box Live but simple multiplayer is quite fun if you have the controlers and the time...
3	B00005NZ1G	Ive played alot of good xbox games and this has been by far my favorite. Out of 5 stars I give this a 15. This game has 4 difficulty levels Easy, Normal, Heroic, And Legendary. The legendary difficulty should be called Insane. If you are a beginner and you try and Tackle Legendary you are 99.9% most likely NOT to get past the first level which is small with very little enimies. This game is most likly to be the best game ever with the exception of the Sequel Halo 2 coming out later of 2004
3	B00005NZ1G	Everything you read is true about this game.  When riding an ATV over alien heads with your Marine buddies giving you accolades you really start to flow.The weapons fire responsively and the whole game has a crisp clean look.  No spongy movements or slow responses in combat.  And there are a variety of ways to complete a goal.However, the game ends too soon as did it's predecessor Oni.  Both of these games need sequels in double time.Unfortunately, nothing I have bought after this title even comes close to the fun had in Halo.  It is safe to say thatanything you buy from this software company will be a winner.
3	B00005NZ1G	great graphics great for partys and everything i would get this game at a differnt store like circuit city but its a sweet game
3	B00005NZ1G	I really don't know where to start.  I did not jump on the XBOX bandwagon in the Fall of 2001, I bought a GameCube (which I still own and enjoy frequently).  I didn't get an XBOX until March of 2002 - I bought it used with an extra controller and used copies of HALO and Max Payne.  But enough of that...HALO is the best first person shooter to arrive on the market since GoldenEye and Perfect Dark (both exclusive NINTENDO titles).  The controls are intuitive and managable, the voice characterizations are top notch, the story is engaging, the graphics are wonderful (even for a 30 fps rate), and the replay value is limitless.  If you are even halfway pondering investing in an XBOX, now  is the time.  They're only half as much as they were in fall 2001, there are some great games out there, and HALO is possibly the best launch title for a console EVER.  Don't forget about XBOX online later this year - that will make gaming a whole new experience!My only complaint that I could come up with is that when you drive the Warthog or fly the glider-thingy, controlling it isn't as effortless as the rest of the game.  But honestly, don't worry about it - operating the vehicles just takes practice, that's all.  Quit reading this review and order HALO now!!!!!!Look for HALO 2 in Fall 2003!!!!!!!!!! If you thought this one was awesome, you haven't seen anything yet!!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	Many of you think &quot;X-box is only graphics not games&quot;, this was true to me when i played Shrek and Cel Damage, those games really suck. Then i played Halo and my opinion about the X-box changed. This game changed me from an X-box hater to an X-box fan. This game is really amazing. The graphics are better than a computer! This game is for now the best X-box game available.When you control the car it is a little diffcult but you'll get use to it. Buy it if you are looking for a great first person shooter.
3	B00005NZ1G	One word HALO. This game has everything a real gamer would desire,advanced AI,breathtaking graphics,great story,awesome 1st person and 3rd person views,and really too much to name. BOTTOM LINE GET THIS GAME NOW IF YOU DON'T ALREADY OWN IT(...)
3	B00005NZ1G	I'VE BEEN A LOVER OF THIS GAME SINCE DAY ONE WHEN IT CAME OUT ON THE OLD XBOX AND THE GRAPHICS ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD WHEN YOU CHANGE THE VIEW, MAN!
3	B00005NZ1G	the game can be explained in two words &quot;the greatest&quot; a little kid could probably play the game with no problem and no frustration.  it is very fun with some of the best graphics. it is a cross between the movie starship troopers and the game starcraft except instead of controling a fleet of people and only getting to see above the army, you get to be one man and fight with some back up. your teammates dont last very long though so they help you only for a little while. you get to control vehicles to help you get farther in the levels. once you kill the enemie aleins you can go up and take there weapons and use them. if you run out of ammo which happens sometimes you can hit the aleins with your gun. there are many different types of aleins some have sheilds and some dont but some get scared and try to run away from you but usually get killed in one hit. you get to live forever but you can die but you will just start at the last checkpoint. the graphics are excellent and the terrain is awesome. sometimes the vehicles they give you are a little hard to control depending on the terrain. it is very good and i only played it once for a whole day with my freind. i highly suggest to get it if you have the xbox. and another thing is you can play with a buddy on the campaign and you can verse a freind to which comes in handy for a party. the save mode could be better if you are going to play it you better plan on beating a whole level which sometimes can take up to two whole hours. but you still wont get bored. GET IT!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This is a very fun game that is revolutionary for the FPS genre. I waited for this to come out for the PC for about a year (the horror when I heard it was X-Box only!) but it was worth waiting for.The negatives are this game is way too easy not any difficulty setting. Add the fact that you can play co-op and with a sibling or friend, you can truely fly through the game. Its a fun ride though and the killer-app for the X-Box. The controls could have been moreThe graphics are stunning as well as the story. It is amazing deep and some parts it ventures off course with completely unbelievable tasks and missions, it makes the game all the more enjoyable.While I expected this to be a more realistic shooter and more difficult. It is worth buying and seeing the story truly take off the last two levels.
3	B00005NZ1G	Xbox is the reason for Halo, and Halo is the reason for Xbox.  Halo is (in my opinion) the 2nd best FPS ever.  Medal of Honor: Allied Assault tops it by just a TAD bit (and I'm not even a PC gamer...)And, to the person who said Halo has bad graphics, you must be smoking something...
3	B00005NZ1G	What can I say, this is Halo!!! This has to be one of the best games, of 2001!!! Halo reigned supreme as one of the best and most innovative games of all time, which gave the Xbox an edge over the other systems!!! This game has been declared game of the year in 2001 by major gaming giants which include:-IGN.com, -Electronic Gaming Monthly, -Official Xbox Magazine, and about 40 other companies!!! Some quotes by these companies include:"One of the best shooters ever!"/ Videogames.com"... one of the best games in recent times, on any console, bar none."/ Electronic Gaming Monthly"This is the most important launch game for any console, ever."/ Edge Magazine"... Halo's single player game is worth picking up an Xbox for alone."/ Videogames.com... as you can see this game took the world by storm and began a new generation of first person shooters!!!Most people, who own a xbox must have heard of Halo by now since it has been on the market for about 5 years, still one of the best games around too!!! Games like: Halo 2, Doom 3, Star Wars: Republic Commando, GoldenEye: Rogue Agent, and Area 51 are just some games that were influnced by Halo's example of what a real game is supposed to be!!! If you don't own Halo, you have been missing out on a lot, don't hesitate to BUY!!!!! You can now buy it cheaper than ever at prices $19.99 and under!!! Just buy it, you won't be sorry!!!!Halo as a game is strongly put together from single player action to some great split screen action!!! If you wan't to hear the story you should buy the game but, I will you a brief idea what is going on!!! You are the last of the Spartans ( a elite group of cyborgs), the rest were destroyed at the human colony of reach by the Covenant or group of aliens battling against the human in an everlasting conflict!!! You and the Pillar of Autumn flee Reach and make a blind jump into space hoping to lose the Covenant, which didn't work out to good!!! The game begins with the level "Pillar of Autumn"!!! You start off with a quick tutorial and almost immediatly face the enemy!!! You make your way to the bridge and meet Captain Keyees an important person in the game, and Cortana another important role in Halo and Halo 2!!! Your mission is to make surse Cortana, a super computer who is a holographic projection of a women, that you put in your head as a chip, look I tried my best to explain about Cortana, but it is easier to buy the game!!! From there you help out some marines and fight your way off ot the ship!!! You and the survivors land on Halo, and from ther the story kicks off!!! You then play through the level "Halo"- during this level you rally the surving marines, in hope of forming a effective ressistance!!! Then you move on too "The Truth and Reconcilation"- Your objective is to board a Covenant Crusier and rescue Captain Keeyes, easier said then done!!! "The Cartographer"- Your missio is to find the map room to find the secrets Halo holds!!! Halo is a super weapon if you wanted to know, that is some what of religious immportance to the Covenant!!! Then you move on to "Assault on the Control Room" - You must defend the control room after wave after wave of enemy troops!!! After the first 5 missions you deal with the flood and everything breaks out in utter chaos and it is up to you to save the universe from Halo!!! Yes that is only a brief summary, to learn more buy the game!!!The single player campaign is darn fun, and will be hooked on it for hours or even days!!! I bassiclly explained a little bit about the campaign, above so I will just talk about the multi player action!!! It is some great stuff, but the Cooperative mode is the definite highlight when you can play the campaign with a friend, which was pretty awesome!!! The Split Screen was pretty cool too with up to 16 player if you link four xbox consoles with 4 controllers each!!! It is stuff that has been done before but with the cool environments and weapons you can't loose!!!  I was slightly dissapointed since there was no Xbox Live or online play, but that was new at the time so I understand!!!The environments in the campaign mode are awesome, along with some nice graphics, weapons, and some marines!!!The graphics were the best of the of the time and are still some of the best, though uncomparable to Halo 2 or some of the newer games!!! 4/5The Environments and level design were breathtakingly beautiful, too bad I had to ruin it with those dead aliens and their blue blood splashed all over the place!!! Each level was unique and never the same, I give them lots of credit!!! 5/5The marine A.I (Artifical Intelligence) and enemy were the best and most innovative of the time and opened the world of gaming to the limits!!! They are intellgent and can sometimes help you out, once you get into Legendary mode they don't do much good , but in all the other modes they can help you!!! The enemy A.I.is pretty good too but, not that smart, for example when you throw a gernade on a grunt they go running into a group of aliens and basically gets them all blow up, which my job easier though!!! Also when you kill an elite, the grunts, start running yelleing remarks "We're All Gonna' Die" and "Runaway!!!" it was hilarious though!!! Still the game is great and the A.I. is some of the best!!!4.5/5!!!The Weapon were pretty cool especially the alien weaponry!!! The pistol and shotgun were the major highlights of the human weaponry!!! The pistol was light and had lots of ammo with a zoom too a very effective weapon!!! The Shotgun comes later in the game with the flood parasite!!! It is great for close quarters combat!!! All the weapons were cool except the Assault Rifle , which was a chunky and uneffective!!! The weapons were pretty cool but, new games with better weapon were released!!! The Plasma Rifle and Needler were both awesome and very effective too!!! 4.5/5... for sleek design on alien and human weapons!!!The vechiles were pretty hot too with the Ghost and Warhog; The Ghost is the Covenat light attack weapon and the Warhog is a light moblie jeep with a machine gun and passanger seat for tatical fire!!! The Banshee is a high flying attack fighter that is a very valuable asset to the Covenant with laser cannons and a fuel rod cannon!!!! The Humans though have the heavily armored Scorpion tank which has a a huge gun with a machine gun too!!! The Scorpion is so big that you can just run over anything in your path!!! The Covenant Motar tank is a weapon you don't get to use until Halo 2 but, it is still nothing compared to the Scorpion Tank!!! 4.5/5... compare this to Halo 2!!!!This game one of the best games on the market and opened the world of gaming to a new level of gaming to the entire world!!!This is gold, start from finish, so buy it!!!The game is awesome 4.8/5!!!!!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game even works on the newest versions of the xbox 360 console. I have the black slim eliete versions and this game still works awesomely. I am still working my way through the actual halo. fun game though.
3	B00005NZ1G	The title of my review says it all good story good gameplay fun fun fun if you have a xbox you should have this game and if don't then BUY IT NOW!
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is so awesome, the graphics are insane!  The aliens look so real, you'd think that they would come out of the screen and kill you dead!  It starts out a little slow, but once the aliens start pouncing on you, its non stop acion.  I highly reccomend this game!
3	B00005NZ1G	Great Game and a Record Breaking Champion. It also runs on the 360 System!!!Released in Early 2004. Halo Combat Evolved broke records like a bear walking on twiggs. Setting the new standard for both Platform and Computer First Person Shooters. Halo was a huge success. Bungie was raking in the money and awards.Based in the Future where a war with an alien religious coalition known as the Covenant. the war goes bad and mankinds only hope is a cyborg warrior known as Master Chief. Halo enters you into a world of amazing detail and epic battles. Follewed by Halo 2 and The Most Anticipated Game Ever, Halo 3.And as i said. Halo and Halo 2 Xbox Games Run on the Xbox360 System. Its original 480 Pixals will be upgraded to 720p High-Def on the 360.
3	B00005NZ1G	I bought this game for my son, so that he too could get the chance to play one of the frist HALO games to come out.I remember the hour's I spent playing this game when it frist came out.This has been one of the best frist shooter game's that I have ever played.I know how excited my son will be, when I give it to him.He has always wanted to play the game but at the time was to young.Now he can enjoy one of the best and still is the greatest frist shooter ever.If you own a old XBOX, then you must have this game.I highly reommend this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	This shooter game adds combat vehicles and other elements that require the player to do more than just blast his way from level to level. As Quake is used as a benchmarking tool in PC gaming, Halo will be used on the XBOX.You play as a veteran trooper thrust back combat as the ememy attacks humans crashed on a alien ringed world. You must use a variety of weapons, enemy flyers, all-terrain vehicles, tanks, etc. to battle aliens (and more) on a large ringed planet.The combat takes place outside as well as in dark interior hallways and ramps. The outdoor settings are amazing. The graphic power of the XBOX really shines. The indoor scenes are well crafted; using textures, colors, and good map building skills to create a maze of tunnels, hallways, valted ceiling, as well as dripping goo.For a game in the center of so much pre-release hype, some might complain that it does not live up to the hype. Does anything live up to the Microsoft &quot;Marketing Machine&quot; hype? It is still an outstanding game.The graphics are very detailed. The design of the game has little touches that may be easily overlooked, but make for a more entertaining game. While playing, you can see and interact (kill) enemies that are so far way they can hardly been seen. The lighting effects are very realistic. The sound is great. You can hear the sound effects as you move in and around a large waterfall early in the game. Enemies don't spawn from out of thin air. They appear from air ducts, nearby rooms, from alien camps, or even landing alien spacecraft.If you like the Quake series on the PC, Goldeneye 007 on the N64, or Syphon Filter series on the PS1, then you will love this game.
3	B00005NZ1G	Do you have friends?  You want to see them more often?  This game will have you and your friends playing for days on end.  Sure the game kicks spud as a single player extravaganza; but its the multiplayer options that will make this a game you'll own for life.  Play through the game with one of your friends cooperatively and finish it on Legendary mode to see the humorous extended ending.  Play with three friends trying to one-up them in some serious competition.  Or go all out and get some of your XBox owning friends together and link systems getting as many as 16 players involved in the best multi-player action that can be had on any console today.
3	B00005NZ1G	This game is the reason why so many of own an XBOX.  Every person I know that has XBOX at least has this game.  I've played this game for hours and hours and I still never get bored of it!  It's that FUN!  The graphics are great, all though they could have better vehicals and weapons, but thats what Halo 2 is for.  This game doesn't even come close to Timesplitters 2 but don't get me wrong that game is fun as well.  The controls are also easy to get use to!  If you don't have this game for XBOX you shouldn't own one, for shame.  And another thing, for some reason Halo is never there at Blockbuster...coinsedince? I THINK NOT!
3	B00005NZ1G	I was first introduced to HALO a couple of summers ago when some of the campers at the camp I worked at were telling me about it. Later that summer, I had my first chance to play the game, at a friend's house during our one night off. I was such a novice then and had no idea what I was doing. We played several rounds of the multiplayer levels and I got beat horribly every time. I was such a novice and having never made a kill once could have frustrated me enough not to want to ever play the game again. However, it didn't. I continued to play the game when the opportunities arose and when I purchased an XBOX for the first time several months ago, HALO was the one game I knew I wanted to play first.As far as games go, the campaign mode of the game isn't all that different from other sci-fi action games.  You play a super-soldier (the last of his kind) named Master Chief who is responsible for trying to save a crew and their captain from a bunch of aliens (called the Covenant) that the humans are at war against.  Along the way, Master Chief uncovers another deadly race of foes, called the Flood, that act like huge mobile viruses on legs that turn their victims into zombies. Gaming on normal level is fairly easy. The movie cuts that help explain the story are visually enchanting and the action is usually exciting.  Like many games, you basically run around shooting aliens and Flood, blowing things up, and moving from one point to the next.What makes HALO so unique, however, is the multiplayer options. The best part of HALO are the multiplayer options. Capture the Flag, Skull, King of the Mountain, and Slayer are all different mulitplayer games that can be played. These games can be played in several different formats and if one so chooses, one can create their own multiplayer version.  These games can be played with up to 4 people on a regular XBOX, but it an XBOX is hooked up online, the numbers are limitless.  The multiplayer options of HALO are what have made HALO famous, because HALO was the first console system to successfully monopolize on those options.Overall, HALO plays like many other video games. However, the game is a lot of fun to play and will always remain a classic because of the role it has in video game history.
3	B00005NZ1G	What's to Like: Everything.  FPS goodness at it's finest (on a console, no less).  What's Not to Like: Getting used to the controller rather than a mouse/keyboard combo. Every home in America that has an Xbox should not go without Halo.  Microsoft acquired Bungie in order to get this game on Xbox, and after playing it, you can definitely see why. First off, you'll notice the somber music and graphics.  The graphics are amazing-as in better than what you've seen on a PC.  They are just incredible to look at and you'll drool in awe. Now, let's talk about the gameplay: in the beginning you'll awake from your cryo-sleep and you'll have to knock out the cobwebs by re-training your systems.  (What a great way to do a tutorial).  Then you'll see one of your fellow crewmen get killed as the evil Covenant troops overrun your ship.  Next you'll have to get off the ship, but of course the Covenant are after you-and boy are they smart.  You'll have other troops with you helping your cause and they actually protect you with covering fire and suppressing fire. You can hide behind obstacles and take cover, but in later missions, you are attacked from above so be careful.  You are only allowed two different weapons to carry at one time and boy you'll find a huge number of weapons to choose from, adding another strategic element to the game.  Grenades aren't considered a weapon so you also have them in your arsenal.  Weapons are as lame as an 'energy pistol' and move up to more impressive guns, such as a very cool sniper rifle that lets you zoom in up to 10x and really pick your targets. Of course you don't have to go in all guns a blazin', instead you can also sneak attack and take out some of the Covenant baddies.  The sounds these guys make can help you out in order to determine their location, especially with the bad guys I like to call clowns, and when you play the game, you'll see why I call them that. The levels of the game are incredibly deep and there's no one way to finish a level, which adds immensely to the replay value.  The game is very challenging as the Covenant soldiers don't act the same way twice, and I mean that in a good way: they react to where you are and what you are doing. Halo isn't just a first person shooter-in fact you'll also have to do a bit of driving of certain vehicles in order to get where you want to go.  The Warthog is a nice vehicle with one problem-the gun is in the back.  Since you can't be in two places at the same time, you should go on a quest and find some other troops that have crashed in the forest so they can operate the gun.This is the great thing about Halo-the missions make a heck of a lot of sense and you'll enjoy your time playing it. While I enjoyed my time in a single player quest, a multiplayer split screen option is also available (sorry, no internet play yet).  Everything looked smooth and enjoyable in the cooperative mode as well.  You can link multiple players and Xboxes together using the system link, but I'm not sure how many will take advantage of this. Load times are very fast and you'll see the game auto save at various checkpoints which makes it a snap to stop and play again later. One of the biggest issues people have mentioned with any FPS on a console is "Yeah, but it doesn't support a mouse and keyboard.." The Xbox controller feels good in your hand and you'll find it very easy to play the game with.  The right trigger shoots, while the left trigger is your grenade button.  The left stick allows you to move while the right stick lets you look around.  It is very intuitive and not once during the game did I say "I wish I had a mouse and keyboard." If there is any game that is a system seller, it is this one.  You need to have this game.  Now.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo is a very addicting and fun first person shooter that launched the Xbox system off the ground when all hope for the Microsoft platform seemed to have gone.  The science-fiction based game works because of its intense cut scenes, and shocking plot twists, but what really makes it work is the feeling that your character (Master Chief) seems like one who really does serve a purpose in the military and that he is a part of the marines in their fight against an alien force.  Most of the rest of the plot found in Halo is typical sci-fi shooter, but it's the atmosphere they manage to create with this game is what keeps it from being thrown in a bin of useless Half-Life and Doom knock-offs.Gameplay:  The controls are great and are easy to learn (both on Xbox original and 360) and do not offer you much difficulty so you can get into the action quickly without having to spend much time experimenting with the controls.  Only problem I had with the gameplay is for the most part the weapons are inaccurate and it makes you think: "Isn't this supposed to be the future?  This assault rifle is about as accurate as an air-soft pistol."Graphics:  considering it is one of the first Xbox games ever made I have to say that the graphics really manage to hold up to this day.Story:  The Human vs. Aliens concept has been used to death in the video gaming industry so Bungie makes a wise choice and decides NOT to concentrate entirely on fighting aliens as that would quickly grow boring.  They throw in some rescue missions and support operations which make your character feel that you are actually do something to help.  Of course later on the game we come to an uninspired "random zombie parasite," but they make such a chilling cut scene that you are able to forget that this type of thing happens in just about every FPS sci-fi game EVER MADE.Entertainment:  Halo: Combat Evolved is immensely entertaining and will have you angrily messing with it for days as you try to beat all the difficulty settings.This game is a much better single-player experience than its two sequels that suffer from over-simplicity and lacking ANY sign of intensity.  I don't care how much Bungie spits and polishes this series or how many weapons and power-ups they add it still won't change that they've turned the series into a Rambo style shooter and there are HUNDREDS of games like that already on the market.If they ever make another Halo game they need to go back to the basics and really see why the first game is still the most popular entry in the series.
3	B00005NZ1G	When halo was previewed at e3 2000, It was buggy and wasnt recieved well at all. But when the game was released, it blew people away. I believe it was the first game to ever use spectral high lighting (the shiny effect) and bump mapping. It only ran at 30 frames per sec, but ran good.One of the most impressive things about halo is the story. It was so well crafted and done so well, they could use the game script and make a movie and have it be good. It had so many twists and turns, it was just great.The sound was good too. Halo and Halo 2 boasts one of, if not the best video game soundtrack of all time. The music is Oscar quality.Overall, Halo is one of the best action games ever made.(these scores are for the time when it was released)Concept- Make the X-Box a power player when it comes to consoles by making a phenominal gamePresintation- 10- Box art is cool and the cinimatics could win oscars for the directing.Graphics- 9.5- wow, halo was one of the best looking games of the x-box launch, if not the best looking. New wethods were introduces with this game.Sound- 10-  Best music in a game? Yes. Best voice overs in a game? Yes.Playability- 10- it is so fluid and easy to controll. It really shows off the x-box controller.Entertainment- 9.6- The best x-box launch title and one of the best action games ever made.Replay Value- 9.4- This game came out before X-box live, so the only way to play multiplayer was either split screen or system link.
3	B00005NZ1G	If you are one of those unfortunate souls who hasn't played Halo, BUY IT NOW! This game alone justifies the purchase of an Xbox. The game has stunning graphics, exciting gameplay, and a fanstastic plot. Multi-player action provides hours of additional play on top of the single player game. There are a couple levels (out of 10) that get a bit tedious, but that is really my only criticism. Averything else is masterfully done.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo for the xbox is one of the most hyper-seamless,realisticfun xbox game there is, and I'm proud to say it's only onthe most advanced gaming platform there is, for now! Cooperativemode takes you slit screen with a friend, beating single playercampaigns, and aiding each other when you need it, and ofcourse the one and only fighting against each other! Halotakes place in the year 2552, when faster than light in spaceis now reality!The covenant, are the first and dumb/funny(I think)aliens the "SPARTAN 2 military forces from earth" that theycame in contact with, you are almost invinvicible, considereringyour suit!Besides the point, the ultra realistic graphics in thegame, plays a important part along with the cool sounds of thegame, along with riding alien and human vehicles. Besides thepoint....... this is one of the best sci-fi video game out there!so be warned half-life, unreal, and the rest of you, HALO is putting the pressure on!
3	B00005NZ1G	Amazing graphics, good controls, solid game.Halo remains one of the best games out there not only for the X-Box, but for all the console systems.
3	B00005NZ1G	Halo raises the bar on FPS ,solid game .But its too short I rented it and beat it in 4 days.The reason to own this game is for the multiplayer. I wish all FPS woud use HALO'S game design .Im sure HALO 2 will raise the bar again.Lets hope. If you liked GOLDENEYE 007 , this game is a must.
3	B00005NZ1G	I got this game the FIRST day it was released a long time ago haha. But I was thinkin about writing a review for it. I think this is one of the best shooters actually ever made. The shooting engine is set up VERY nicely. The storyline here in this game is really good, makes sense, doesnt make you lost keeps things on track. Its fun fighting with marines on your side and talking to them. Fun driving in vehicles aka the Warthog/Ghost/Tank etc. The guns are good, not ALOT of them, but still a good enough variety of them. I played this game all day for a long time lol. The multiplayer on this game is insane. One of the funnest shooting games in multiplayer. Capture The Flag and all those types of game types. If you never played it but want to start fresh with Halo, then pick this copy up, price is cheap! Worth it. One of the best here.Graphics - 5/5Sound - 5/5Control - 5/5Fun Factor - 5/5Perfect easily
3	B00005NZ1G	If you own a Xbox I can't see you justify not having this game! This is definate the best console fps (first person shooter) out there, most console fps's have the stubmling block of not being able ot offer the precision aiming required for many fps games on a controller, somehow halo overcame this and the aiming is fine tuned as well as any fps I've played on consoles and I've played almost every console fps worth playing.  The game features a good many levels, however there is one major gripe here, while there are around ten levels ( I cant recall the exact number at the moment) most of the levels are repeat levels just playing it backwards to an extent, and some levels are THE EXACT same room after room, the level design is mediocre in my opinion, if you can get over that this is an amazing game thats fun to get into.  You have a variety of weapons to choose from including human and covenant (the alien race in halo) The game offers a variety of ways you can play through the scenarios offering much replay value (plus you can play through levels again witha a friends offering a new level of stategy).  The most fun however involves the multiplayer matches.  Unfortunatly no bots are availible but if you can hook up a bunch of people to a lan through a switch routher or something of the sort using network cable (in my experiences if you hook up more than 2 xbox's, which requires some sort of ethernet hub you cannot use system link cables to get it to work right so be warned)  but multiplayer is unbeatable and insanely fun.  My friends an I have actually organized halo parties to play multiplayer.  Hightly recommed to any xbox owner, however with the pc version on teh corner I have a hard time telling you to buy and xbox just to play it when you can soon play the pc version online :D
3	B00005NZ1G	What's left to say about Halo: Combat Evolved? I mean, I believe every Xbox owner has played this game atleast once, and a big part of them love the game. I bought my own Xbox some weeks ago and I couldn't wait to play this game Halo of which everyone was talking about so much for years... My expectations were at the top, and the game had to be a real masterpiece to fill my expectations. And, oh boy, it did.Analizing the game, you see that, graphically, this game is a beauty. Perhaps not the best Xbox can give you (this game runs at 30fps instead of 60fps), but you'll be impressed. The soundtrack is a great thing, it totally fits every situation (the main menu song is amazing... I'm seriously thinking about buying Halo Soundtrack), and the voice acting is top quality too. The controls are perfect, I wasn't confused by them, not even once... It feels awesome, and you can choose what kind of controls you prefer. Well, that's about it, technically.If somebody told you Halo is worth picking an Xbox for alone, don't think this someone is crazy. If you like action/sci-fi games, Halo will be an unforgetable and eternal experience for you in gaming world. Even if you don't, you should atleast rent it. Not a single Xbox owner should leave the plataform before playing Halo. It's like having a Nintendo64 and not playing The Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time, do you feel me? If you don't own this game and you own a Xbox, I wouldn't think twice before buying it. How can a game survive with lots of hype since 2001, when it was realeased, and it was hyped even before... There's not a second option, dear gamer... The only option is: this game kicks a**. And I really hope Bungie won't let us down... But it won't be a easy task for Halo 2 to be better than this first game.A beautiful and amazing experience, Halo is a must-buy game for anyone who owns an Xbox. That's it, don't waste your time reading even more reviews. Just order your copy, and you'll also write a 5-star review when you play it.
3	B00005NZ1G	Let me explain my title. I'm am a huge fps fan. I own Red faction 2, XIII, Tribes, Unreal tournament and alot more. Those are all great games and anyone should try them out. But back to Halo. Let's start with the story. Pretty basic, you fight aliens with your team of humans (which by the way you can't command in any way). The aliens are attacking you and you attack the aliens (the aliens are some of the best I've seen since Half Life, the grunts are so funny and the elites are so cool).Now to the gameplay. Its the normal first person shooter stuff. You run and gun, nothing much more than any other game.I have to say the voicing is good. There are really no corny lines. It is some of the best I've ever seen too.Now to Master Chief's abilities. He's a super cyborg guy, that can only hold 2 guns at a time. He can't jump very high, and can't land large falls without hurting himself. But he can take alot of hits and keep on killing.Now how about I go onto the so called best aspect of the game, the multiplayer. The multiplayer is very defined. It is some of the best I have seen in a while. The levels are rich in design and character. The only real complaints I have on it are that there are no bots, only 2 vehicle levels, and not many levels. By the way Hand em' High is the best. Finally to the thing that makes up every good fps, the weapons. I have to admit, this is one aspect I hope they fix in Halo 2. Yeah we've seen it all before, pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, rocket launcher, I'm tired of the ordinary. Bungie, give us something new. Or at least add 5 types of assault rifles and like 3 kinds of rocket launchers ect. But all in all Halo is a great shoot em' up and it has a fun mulitplayer and an average single player. Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention the co-op mode. It is fun and I like it, but why only two player? Hello, Microsoft, the Xbox has 4 control ports, how about we use them all? But, if you have an Xbox you should by all means pick this title up.
3	B00005NZ1I	Fusion Frenzy is best as a party game. You know when you got mulitple people, and you want to play a game. The games take mili seconds to learn, and almost impossible to perfect. Which makes it better than most other party games, where the person who owns it, runs the table. The graphics aren't world shakers, but face it, this game isn't about mind boggling graphics, it's about good beats, making fun of the [one]...in last place, and generally getting mad at your friend until he passes the chips.
3	B00005NZ1I	-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-No doubt, this game takes the cake for multiplayer fun.  There are so many games to choose from, that even the most sour-puss face will find at least one game to make them smile.  My favorite is definately the "hamster ball" (my own title) game, trying to shove the other players off a diminishing circle of rings.....in, you guessed it, hamster balls.  YES!!!  I could play this one game for hours!!  You will end up wanting to throw parties and have friends come over just to play this game, because it's not that fun by yourself....hence, the title of "party game".Oooooh, but it gets better.  (If your old enough) Start using it as a drinking game....who ever loses, drinks (that's 3 out 4 people -- and each game lasts about 2 minutes).  People will be blitzed by the end of an hour!  .....ah yes, and fun was had by all....You want fun?  This game is spewin' fun, just don't drink or eat anything WHILE your playing it....you might choke to death from laughing.
3	B00005NZ1I	The game is fun.I especially like &quot;Twisted System&quot;. Most of the games are fun, but some of  them are too much alike.
3	B00005NZ1I	This game is extremely fun to play, especially with friends.  The variety of mini games is quite vast, and the replay value of this game is terrific.  All of my friends loved playing it.  The graphics aren't superb, but its focus is on gameplay, which makes up for the graphics.
3	B00005NZ1I	Since I mastered this game and no one can beat me.  I don't play this game anymore, but it gave me years of entertainment.  Even my wife enjoyed it.  I enjoy this game much better than Mario Party, because the AI doesn't cheat like MP.It is like an Olympic style game in which you compete in 3 different games for orbs.  After the 3 games are completed, you take your orbs to the final event for that area, in a game called fusion frenzy.  Before the fusion frenzy game starts you can either elect to play your orbs or trade some or all of them for points.  The goal of FF is to put orbs in goals scattered along the ground.  The only catch is you can only pick or orbs of your own color, or the neutral white color.  Meaning if you are the red player (Samson), no other player can pick up red orbs.  You can also pick up and score with many orbs at one time for even more points.  But watch out, other players can attack and take your orbs at anytime for themselves.  After completing all the areas, the player with the most points is declared the winner.There are 6 areas in this game all which have games that are relevant to that area.  You can elect to play through all 6 areas or just 2 or 4.  The six areas are Coliseum, Downtown, Outlands, Military Base, Power Station, and Waterfront.  The amount of orbs you get depend on how you place in each game.In total, there are 45 mini-games, not including the fusion frenzy matches.  While a couple of games are corny and outright boring, most are pretty fun with a few of my favorites being:BLAST MAN STANDNINGJET STREAMROLLER RUCKUSROLLMENTUMRUBBLE ALLIANCESUMOTANK TRACKSTWISTED SYSTEMWATER GATE SCRAMBLEThe graphics in this game are pretty basic, but that doesn't bother me one bit.  I'd take fun game play and OK graphics over superb graphics and terrible game play (i.e. PGR) any day.The sound in this game is pretty basic, but does seem to fit the game very well.  You can also import your own tracks if you like, but I think the music provided matches the game play sufficiently enough.My only gripe about this game is that you are limited to playing against the people in your room.  There is no XBOX live support, which definitely decreases the lasting appeal of this game greatly.  After playing hundreds of times with the same people you will eventually get tired of the game even though the CPU does fill in the two unoccupied human slots with AI controlled players.  XBOX Live would have increased the lasting appeal of this game infinitesimally because you will always have new people to play with.I would like to see a sequel keeping the same concept, but with possibly more characters and even more mini games.  Also even though I cancelled my subscription, I would also like to see a sequel have XBOX Live support.
3	B00005NZ1I	This game is a lot of fun with a big group of people. The games are easy to pick up, but fun enough to play lots of times. There is also a good variety in the games from tron lightcycles type games to more dance dance revolution type games. The players are given plenty of opportunity to learn the controls of the game and to practice, although some of them end up being a little difficult to figure out.One drawback is that you end up having to do the &quot;fusion frenzy&quot; game after every third minigame. It can get a bit old.
3	B00005NZ1I	If you have a lot of friends who don't like video games... let them play this a few times, and they are hooked. It is extremely easy to catch on b/c the controls are simple as can get, and there are 45 games within this this disc.
3	B00005NZ1I	I used to play the demo all the time when the original XBox came out and finally dug the old beast out reminiscing about my fun teenage years when we would scream and yell at each other playing this game. I finally bought the full game ~10 years later and my friends and I are still doing the same thing. Hah!
3	B00005NZ1I	Great game for groups of 2-4 players.  I play this one with my kids (age 7 and 9) a lot - and they play it with their friends.  Everytime we play we end up either laughing with each other or yelling at each other (in a loving way)!It actually is a collection of about 30 futuristic arena games - so it has a lot of replay value.  There is no bad language or sexual innuendos, and the violence is "mild" (comical).  So it's okay for young children.Some of the magazines (and users) have given it negative reviews, mostly because it doesn't fully use the Xbox console's graphical capabilities.If you like to spend time with friends/family playing on your Xbox, then this is a great game for your collection.  If you mostly play games alone and/or only like games that leverage the Xbox capabilities to the max, then you'll be disappointed with this one.
3	B00005NZ1I	This game is great if you have a few friends over, but it's a bit boring by yourself.  It has great graphics and sound and you can also play your own soundtrack on it.  Most of the Mini-games are great but just a few are stupid and boring, personally I think they put to many games on the same subject (like sqaushing bugs or something).  But overall it's a great game and definitly worth your money.
3	B00005NZ1I	I love this game... Idc if that makes me lame... you play... and try and win... its harder than it looks... but boy do I love whoopin' some Samson ASS! lol
3	B00005NZ1I	If you have all four controllers and 3 other friends, you should get this game. I just bought this game along with three extra controllers. My family and i were going nuts. I have played this game before with others and for the most part it doesn't get old. If you like to go head to head with other gamers and talk trash, this is the game for you. There are over 40 different mini games to choose from. Many of the games are really alike, but it doesn't really matter because 90% are all fun. It is not for all tastes, but once you get into it, it's non-stop. Pretty soon you will be whooping and hollering with your buddies over simple little games. It's a pretty funny sight.
3	B00005NZ1I	Fuzion Frenzy is the best x-box game I've ever played!  When my friends come over we spend hours and hours playing it!  Even when my friends aren't there I play it by myself or with my brother.  Fuzion Frenzy is not only a great party game but also great for playing by yourself or with just 2 or 3 players!  It's so addictive!  I definatly recommend this game to you!  I'm sure you'll enjoy it a lot!!
3	B00005NZ1I	I recently started playing games on the XBOX and having this game to test out was certainly a nice surprise. I found the game to run without flaw and I was able to play the first time right out of the box.The game has several games in it and the more players you have the more fun you'll have. I found the competitiveness of each game to be both fun and exhilarating, certainly a refreshing change from most games out there today.The violence level is moderate although you may want to keep the really young player from playing. The graphics are outstanding, almost to life like in some cases.I think that is certainly one game that can and should be ported over the pc world. Overall with the holidays coming up, you would do well to get a copy of the game for just about everyone on the list.
3	B00005NZ1I	Well, I really enjoy playing this game.  I recommend that you play it with more than just you.  It is like a joust game where you have to beat the other players in about 40 different game settings.  It is a blast.
3	B00005NZ1I	Okay, when i first heard about this, i heard that it was gonna be a lame game in every way.  Then I rented it.  I cant put it down!!!  I had a friend over (a ps2 fanboy who hates all XBOX), and we played this for 4 hours streight, and we still want much more, His whole opinion on XBOX changed!!!  I dont know what people are sayin about the graphics, they're pretty good!  and slowdown? NONE! HALO has more slowdown then this (But Halo does slow down lots in coop).  Anyway, if ur not the antisocial type and u have 2+ controllers and 1+ friends, you will Love this game!!!
3	B00005NZ1I	All you need for a great party game, there are 45+ mini-games you battle your experienced-or-not opponents in.  Fast action and hard to put down.  Doesn't push the console to its true potential, but doesn't need to-- it's a a party game.
3	B00005NZ1I	Let me tell you a story first off i thought that fuzion frenzy was going to be stupid.  I thought a strategy game for Xbox?  Save all of those for game boy.  But then one day i rented Oddworld Munchs Oddysee which got kinda boring so i looked at the game demos thingy and it had fuzion frenzy so i thought that i might as well give it a try.  It was so fun that for the last days of my rent time i just played the fuzion frenzy demo.  Even my dad liked it!  So now im buying Fuzion Frenzy.  And every time i get bored with something like dead or alive (which is very rare) i immediately pop in fuzion frenzy and start some bobbing with other players.Ps. Always get Naomi out first because sometimes if she wins she is so annoying that you want to throw out your xbox (never do that because it is very xpensive)
3	B00005NZ1I	very fun game solo or vs. hrs of fun and an origanal game exclusive to xbox only. came as described
3	B00005NZ1I	Fusion Frenzy was one of the first games to come out on Xbox, and it is still a great game to have around. It is a collection of mini-games based on individual or (on occasion) team competition. Each mini-game has a different objective and lasts on the order of a minute. You score points by having a strong finish in the mini-games, which ultimately may lead to an overall win.Fusion Frenzy contains 45 mini-games; and, although many of them are just different variations of a theme, there is enough variety to give the game plenty of play value. Levels include things like collecting orbs, knocking pucks on ice, human cage sumo matches, smashing bugs, jumping or ducking over obstacles, etc.This game is great to bring out during parties or when company is over (such as after the Thanksgiving meal). While the game can only accommodate a maximum of four players, I have played with as much as eight by rotating controllers. The mini-games move along fast enough that no has a chance to get board.Of course, this game is not for everyone. If you are a hard-core gamer who spends more time with your Xbox than sleeping and attending school combined (or if you were thinking about purchasing this as a gift for said gamer), this probable isn't the game for you. But if your video games are more for entertainment, rather than a way of life, of if you have a household of kids who want to have light-hearted fun, Fusion Frenzy is a good bet.
3	B00005NZ1J	The thing about this game that makes it so good is that the viewers say that it's the best game on the X-box. I have to say that Project Gotham Racing is #1, and Burnout is #2. The game looks so real with the graphics and the it doesn't look fake. But that is how X-box games are supposed to be. Another thing about this game is that when you buy it used, it is $5, which is a reasonable price. One last good thing about the game, is that it can be 4 player multiplayer, unlike Burnout which is only 2 player multiplayer. So, if you want a racing game for X-box, Project Gotham Racing is the one to choose.
3	B00005NZ1J	This is a stunning game and one that I enjoyed immensely.  Graphics this good have not been seen on any system to date and there is quite a bit of technique and things to unlock.  Project Gotham does not lack variety and you'll be challenged to keep improving your times and abilities to move on or to unlock new things like new cars and helmets.  The game takes advantage of the Xbox internal clock so after X amount of hours played (or miles driven) you are rewarded with a new helmet or a new track!  Most cool!!The only fault I can find with this game is that it truly requires an investment of the player's time and patience.  Each car handles slightly differently and the ultimate trick is knowing the advantages and disadvantages of each car's powersliding ability which is a big part of the KUDOS scoring system.  To fully unlock every level and to earn all golds, it will require master-level skill and technique which many casual gamers do not possess and will quickly grow tired of failing or bored of the various stages.  Definitely not for someone prone to throwing controllers in frustration!If you want to get a sense of the XBOX can do, get this game.  If you like your racing game to give you a variety of tasks/stages and you enjoy chipping away at your games via unlocking and gradual learning, Project Gotham is for you.  If you are a casual gamer and not someone who enjoys the thought of replaying the same scene over and over again to get that elusive passing score, then Project Gotham is NOT for you.  Get a straightforward racing game like Nascar or 4X4 Evolution 2 instead!I happen to like Project Gotham!
3	B00005NZ1J	The Xbox has been on store shelves (and in my living room) for two-and-a-half months. During that time I have played some of the best games I've seen in my long tenure as a video game guru, including Star Wars: Obi-Wan, Halo and, Amped. Being distracted by such wonderful examples of gaming genius, like the ones above, and about a half dozen others, my wandering Blockbuster eye always passed over Project Gotham Racing. Boy, was that a mistake.Now that I've had a good 7 days behind the wheel of PGR, I can honestly say that it is my favorite car racing game to date. PGR combines the best aspects of Gran Turismo 3 (PS2) with the pure fun of Beatle Adventure Racing, the underappreciated racing game for the N64.Like GT3, the graphics, gameplay, and physics are excellent. In fact, graphically speaking, PGR edges out GT3 due mainly to the attention to detail. The way the light reflects off of your shiny silver Audi TT makes you drool as your highly polished windshield glistens in the sun. You watch as your driver (yes, there is actually a person in the car in PGR), leans with the turns and takes his hand off the wheel to shift, a nice touch if you ask me.Gameplay is well thought out and highly customizable. There are six main racing options, three of which I'll talk about: Quick Race, Arcade, and Kudos Challenge. No, the latter isn't sponsored by an early player in the energy bar market, Kudos is a point system. You earn Kudos as bonuses for placing in certain races, pulling off stylish moves, or just generally kicking butt. In order to progress and earn new cars, you have to race in each of the 3 modes. The Quick Race mode pits you against 5 other cars in a classic battle for 3rd, 2nd, or 1st. You progress through various cities and try to get at least a bronze to advance from say NYC to SanFran. The Arcade mode is purely for Kudos. Yes, you have to get very good at going through cones and pulling off cool slides and 360s to earn at least a bronze. The Kudos Challenge is my favorite mode. You work your way through an array of different races including the good ol' me vs. 5 other cars, one on one, overtake challenge (pass "x" number of cars before time runs out), speed challenge, and several other creative and challenging ways of putting your driving skills to the test.The Kudos point system is very customizable. By raising or lowering the difficulty level for each race you determine how many Kudos will be awarded. The more difficulty, the higher the reward and vice versa. Getting that bronze medal is not necessarily dependent on whether you place 3rd, but how many Kudos you have earned. It may be a little confusing, but just think of it as a great way to keep score.Despite the warning to the contrary, driving in real life like you drive in PGR will, in fact, probably work for you because the physics and feel of the game is phenomenal. You almost feel a couple of Gs as you blast around a corner doing 75 in a Nissan Skyline GTR. The controller only adds to the complete immersion in this game. Not only does it vibrate in sync with whatever you're doing, but the weight of the controller itself gives you the feel that you're controlling something with power. I don't know how this game would feel with a puny GameCube controller in my hand. You almost need the size to harness the power. Speaking of the controller, the default button and control layout leaves a little to be desired, so I switched it up a little and made the trigger buttons be my up and down shift and "A" my gas. This works well enough except for the fact that my right thumb is red and shiny from constantly pushing on the "A" button. I know, I know, I could use the right analog stick for that, but I'm just not that type of guy.Unlike GT3, this game is not so big that you get lost in it. There are not hundreds of cars with a plethora of confusing upgrades that you'd have to be an auto mechanic or listen to an absurd amount of "Car Talk" to understand. It's very straightforward: win this circuit...get new car. Beautiful. New car faster, now must go back to Quick Race and see if I can win that damn London race. See, it's completely manageable, thus giving it that feel of Beatle Adventure Racing. Pure fun.Let's not forget that PGR is soundtrack enabled which means you can listen to your own CDs that you've put on your Xbox. I can't tell you how nice it is to have my personal playlist of 80+ songs. Oh...cool feature, Radio DJ's announce your music and break in on your songs with contest winners and request hotlines.I hope you get the feeling that this is a well thought out and highly polished game because it is. And all that thought has helped make Project Gotham Racing the best combination possible: both fun and challenging.
3	B00005NZ1J	Top three reasons why people hate this game... 1) all they say is it's boring 2) its too hard 3) takes too long to unlock hidden cars and the like.Now i think all three reasons people have listed as to why this game &quot;sucks&quot; are just petty. &quot;Oh the game is unfair i always spin out&quot; well learn to not spin out, avoid the other cars and don't let it aggreviate you. Those who claim the game is too slow obviously must not have gotten their car past the first turn. Sure you car feels like it's going 5 mph until you try and make a turn, whereas you're going to slam into a wall unless you can appreciate how realistic the game is. As for the third most common complaint, find a cheat code guys, as for the rest of us who have an attention span longer than 3.21 seconds we like having to race lap after lap for 1 one to get a new helmet, and however long it takes to perfect the course to get a new car.
3	B00005NZ1J	This game is great.  While some may say that it doesn't have enough cars, I think it has plenty, and they are all models of real cars, which is a bonus.  Sure,you can always say, &quot;Man, they don't have a (fill in the blank with the car you want to drive regardless of all the others you can drive),&quot; but that's the brakes.  Well rendered backdrops, great stunts, and easy control layout makes this game great fun to play.
3	B00005NZ1J	We are well pleased with this game.  WE love the graphics and game play of this racing thriller car game!  It is so realstic and really feels like you are driving.  I would suggest this game for anyone who likes racing games.GREAT GAME!
3	B00005NZ1J	I got this for christmas, and a buddy of mine and I can't stop playing. We have had a couple of 3-4 hours racing until 2-3 AM sessions now, and I can't wait to get back into this game.There are 29 or so cars, they are tough to get out, but there are like 250 different tracks to race on in San Francisco, New York, London and Tokyo. It is trully addictive, though the racing goals can become tough, its a lot of fun to play.
3	B00005NZ1J	One of the greatest difficulties in creating video games is making them challenging but not impossible.  This game treads the line between &quot;extremely hard&quot; and &quot;impossible&quot;.  This isn't one of those games you can rent at blockbuster and figure out if you like it or not.  you have to work hard to master the basics.  This makes PGR unattractive to younger (under 13 or so) gamers.  It takes a true racing game master to beat this one.  (Addmittedly, after five hours timed in races and about 20 hours total, I am about a fifth of the way through the game and at a standstill).The game engine is awesome and very realistic.  The courses provide ample curves, but very few shortcuts, so newer gamers can't cheat wins.  (I know of only 1 shortcut in the game, so far)The only problem with this game is that the learning curve makes multiplayer mode nearly worthless.  I played against two friends, one of whom had played a little and the other of whom had never played.  I lapped them both on a 2 lap course using a mediocre car against their Ferrari F50s  (the best car in the game).Despite this, I think the game deserves 5 stars.  How often do you play multiplayer anyways?
3	B00005NZ1J	Project Gotham Racing is the Best Racing Game in all the three Systems.it has three main modes of Gameplay, the most important of which is the Judos Challenge, this Mode is made up of 12 events, each of which includes anywhere between four and 12 objective-based challenges that are somewhat similar to Gran Turismos 3's License Tests on the ps2. There are nine types of these challenges, and they include syle events, which require you to drive with as much flair and precision at the same time as possible, top speed challenges, wherien you try to best a posted speed record , events where you try to run as many laps around a given track as possible, and straighforward races against either a single competitor or a group of cars and to get many Kudos as you can to unlock new Carsit Got Really Cool Cars Like: Porsche, Ferrari, Skyline, Lancer Evo, Ford, Mini, Volks Wagon .... and many more.now this game is all about speed first you start of with a slow car then you try to get kudos to unlock even faster cars.This Game is One of the Best Xbox Games and the best Racing Game Ever Even Better than GT3 on the ps2, This was my first game when i bought the xbox and i am still having Fun with it , you can Drive a car and lestin to your own Music that you saved on your xbox hard disk. Sure it is an xbox classic game But Soon There is Going to be Project Gotham Racing 2 with more speed and better cars, and when you play this Game Sure it is goin to be hard in the begining But After a few days you will get use to it and The Fun Starts So Get this Xbox Game.
3	B00005NZ1J	I bought this game less than a week after getting back from London, so even though my wife wouldn't let us rent a car to get around in the UK, I really feel as though I've driven through London (REALLY FAST).That said, the graphics are superb, the levels laid out true to life, and the physics engine was very realistic. I also loved the fact that the cars took damage.Oh, I loved the fact that if you choose radio, instead of CD music, the radio reception peters out when you go under bridges and through tunnels.Pros:Cars take damage.Textured roads make the controller shake.Graphics are beautifully rendered.Loads of playability.Wonderful true-to-life environments.Nice controller setup.Although there weren't 5,000 cars available to choose from, I liked the ones that they chose (like the Mini Cooper!).Customizable music.Cons:Didn't have 5,000 cars.The single player became too difficult too quickly.
3	B00005NZ1J	I'll never forget the first time I put this game into my X Box and fired it up!  I had not adjusted any of the custom soundtracks, and was using the default San Francisco Live 105 radio program!  Wow!  I heard a DJ that I listen to all the time here in Frisco!  I couldn't believe my ears!  It was like I was driving in my beloved San Francisco, in real life!  In the words of Christopher Farley, in "Tommy Boy,"  THAT WAS AWESOME!And when I adjusted the soundtrack and added in my own music, it GOT EVEN BETTER!  I felt like I was driving my own Super Model race car, around the streets of Frisco, enjoying my life to its fullest!  Just writing this review, is making me hungry to race home and play this game again!  I love it!Racing bonus and karma, is a nice touch.  Different than other game franchises.  I have not had the pleasure of playing installment 2, or 3, on the X Box 360, but I will defiantly pick up the X Box 360 version, when I buy my 360 Holiday 2007.I highly recommend purchasing this wonderful videogame!MC White said:  Ch-ch-ch-check it out!
3	B00005NZ1J	This is the the absolute best game if you want to experience the most realistic car handling and mechanics in any auto racing game to date.  This game sets the bar for other games.  The trackside geometry, realistic handling, and unlockable cars (which you will be awarded once you gain experience)makes this game my favorite and adds replay value over and over.  This game is very challenging and at times can frustrate the hell out of you, but once you begin unlocking the cars, you get filled with a sense of pride and accomplishment.  This game does have one distinct weak point that may affect some:  the diffilculty.  Yes, I said it before and I'll say it again, this game requires tons of patience and requires somewhat of a deep learning curve.  Over all, this game is a necessity for all car enthusiast.  Unless you like driving hot wheels or can't stand not being able to hang out the car and beat up inoccent bystanders with a bat.
3	B00005NZ1J	This is one of the best car games out right now for the xbox.  It beats out test drive by alot, and wreckless it beats out because its a tad bit easier. Any way, the graphics are stellar in this game, the gameplay is awesome and challanging, sometimes frustrating but not as bad as wreckless and test drive. The Sound in this game is the most realistic sounds yet for any game.  If your into car games, and you have and xbox, and you lov GTA1,2,or 3 this is your game to play.  Its a good buy and a good rental if you can't afford it.  So until any new car games come out, this is the best.So hears my retingsGameplay-9.0Graphics-9.5Controls-9.0Sound-8.5Replay Value-9.5((El DiAbLo))
3	B00005NZ1J	This game is very fun.(if yo think this is a short review your right, i did it on purpose.)
3	B00005NZ1J	This one's not for everyone. That being said, neither is the Tekken or Gran Turismo series. Both are games that require some heavy duty dedication to really find the beauty of theirrespective play mechanics, and Gotham is no different. It's a tough game that demands perfection more often than not, and to beat some particular races you'll be restarting the entire race the moment you've made an error. But if you're meticulous enough to enjoy getting into the meat of a deep title like this one, you'll find that the designers have really tried to create a new driving experience, and for the most part, succeeded in doing just that.I love the fact that Project Gotham Racing is so tough. Not only will the AI drivers bump and cheat their way to victory in the street races, but the courses themselves --especially the cone lined kudos races-- are extremely unforgiving. You will drive the courses correctly at the greatest speed possible or you will not advance at all. With only a couple dozen cars available it seems Bizarre Creations had no choice but to make PGR super tough. There are only so many goodies they can reward you with. But, the graphics, number of cars and awesome music ripping system are all just great accessories to the main thrust of the game: some tough [rear] lifelike racing.A soundtrack full of your own music and a beautiful racing game coming together is the greatest combination since chocolate met peanut butter. No more complaining about lame videogame music or anything like that. Just the idea of being able to have different soundtracks for when you're driving in the different cities seems like such an obvious feature to have in a racing game now.Xbox has promised us a level of detail that we haven't seen before and from the street signs in individual cities to drivers who actually steer and react to vehicle motions, Project Gotham delivers. It's not GT3 but PGR is a damn good first effort and should satisfy your early Xbox racing jones.
3	B00005NZ1J	CORVETTE Z06 IS GREAT BUT FERRARI F50 IS THE NEW MAN ON THE BLOCK. THE Z06 HAS YET TO BE EQUALLED HUH? JUST LET A FERRARI F50 COME TO AMERICA AND YOU'LL SEE HALF OF THESE Z06 OWNERS START SELLING THEIR SOULS TO THE DEVIL. ALSO THE FERRARI F50 IS THE REASON FOR PROJECT GOTHAM RACING'S APPEARANCE. WITH OUT FERRARI F50 PROJECT GOTHAM RACING WOULD NOT BE AS GOOD AS IT. EXCELLENT JOB BIZARRE. GIVE US THE NEXT GRAN TOURISMO IN PROJECT GOTHAM RACING 2!
3	B00005NZ1J	First off, I have played every racing game out there and this is a unique one that might be worth a play but it requires skill and not speed, which might make it far too hard for younger players. The gameplay is original, as for the accelerator you pull the right trigger and for the brake you pull the left trigger! You start with three cars and earn nine cars in the game. The cars are based on speed, acceleration, handling and traction. So you pick your car and pick a color then pick one of four cities, San Francisco, New York, Tokyo and London to race 1 of 200 circuits. What makes the game so unique is rather than racing against other cars, you race along a street course, with cones set up and you must go between the cones to get Kudos points. You can get extra Kudos points by doing stunts by really tight turns, or fast turns, or doing donuts in the middle of the street. That's why the game is unique, that doesn't mean everyone will love it, because it can be frustrating going through the cones! If that's not for you then there are "free races" where you select a city, select a circuit and race against five other cars in a winner take all race! With all of that being said, the big feature is the music, you can record your music with the X-Box and play your tunes on the car's radio, so you never get tired of the music!
3	B00005NZ1J	Ok, for those of you out there that have been fortunate enough to either own, or play several different systems, or are hard-core enough to know what's hot or what's not, you probably know that the biggest baddest racing game on the market is GT3, for PS2 which is the newest installment of the Grand Turismo series.  While I wasn't as addicted to GT3 as some get, I've got to admit that it deserves almost all of the hype it's received.  When buying Project Gotham, there could be only one comparison, one game to beat: GT3.While far superior in some aspects (I like to knock out complaints early), my biggest complaint about Gotham, especially compared to GT3, is the lack of cars, especially in the beginning.  You only start with three cars, none of which are uber-cool or exciting.  There should at least be more cars for multiplayer as it's a drag to pull the game out of the box all hyped to play with friends and have to choose from a mini-cooper and a MR5.  With GT3, there was a huge selection of cars right out of the package for arcade or multiplayer games.  I was so annoyed by this that I'm almost tempted to knock Gotham down a star, but the good things are so revolutionary that it survives well.Some people will be annoyed with the lack of a &quot;campaign&quot; style game where you can buy and customize cars.  I didn't find this too disheartening, as that's really a GT3 thing, and not something I expect with every racing game I buy.  Gotham is much more of an arcade style game than a simulator.  It's easy to overlook this one.Ok, what's good about Project Gotham?  Everything Else.  If this is an example of things to come, we can expect some incredible racing games for the Xbox in the future.  What PGR lacks in cars, it makes up for in some of the most detailed circuits imaginable.  The incredible RAM and video RAM capacity of the Xbox means all the tracks consist of 3D models, with 3D statues hurling by at an impressive frame-rate.  Buildings boast real signs and posters, and landmarks down to the barest details.  GT3's cardboard cut out people and environments sometimes bordered on cheesy.  Living in Japan I've been to Asakusa, Shibuya and Shinjuku and they've captured the landmarks and buildings perfectly. All that RAM also allows PGR to do something that always bothered me about GT3: show damage to the cars.  That was always irritating.  Winner: PGR.The Dolby Digital sound is incredible.  I only recently got the advanced A/V hook-ups, and this game roars on my surround sound system.  While it has an impressive song collection already on the disk, PGR is the first Xbox game I've owned that allows you to use your own music copied onto the hard-drive.  For another cool twist, you can choose to listen to the radio pre-sets, which include authentic radio stations from the various cities including real DJ's.  Super cool.  PGR has it all over GT3 in the sound category.Fun.  This game is extremely fun and addictive.  The game play is strong for any racer, but the addition of a Kudos system: rewarding players for cool skids, two wheels, overtaking racers etc. adds a new dimension.  While I thought it was cheesy at first, the arcade game, which allows you to run through a track solo strictly to collect Kudos, is a lot of fun.  Trying to do outrageous turns and combos becomes addictive.  I don't think I can honestly say that PGR is more fun than GT3, but I can say it's at least AS fun.In the end, while I really wanted to be able to declare one the undisputed victor over the other, I really can't.  PGR is far more sophisticated which is to be expected.  GT3 has a depth and garage that PGR lacks.  They're both a LOT of fun.  If you can afford it, there's only one true solution: buy them both.  If not, I'm a big fan of better, faster, stronger so I'd have to go with Project Gotham.  With new features and advancements not seen in other racing games, Project Gotham has set a new standard that will certainly improve all games in the years to come.
3	B00005NZ1J	Project Gotham Racing is visually stunning.  The vehicle detail is only matched by the exceptional detail given to the surroundings as you speed through NY, SF, London, and Tokyo.While I found the gameplay somewhat unique (as unique as you can get while driving a car), most people I have had over to my house to play it found gameplay rather difficult to get a handle on.Still, once mastered, the game is rather fun to play.
3	B00005NZ1J	Although Project Gotham Racing was an original launch title for Xbox, it doesn't disappoint. Lots of gameplay modes and tracks (divided over 4 cities: San Francisco, New York, Tokyo, and London), as well as weather effects and car damage, keep this game's replay value and challenge factor high. The later stages (and achieving Golds) start getting a bit overwhelming even for the veteran gamer, but it still maintains a decent AI. Where the game falls short on realism, it gains an exceptional edge in arcade-style 360's and jumps that not many racing games offer. Sim Games may be amazing in reality, but let's all get back to our roots and remember the reason we started playing video games was arcade platformers and racers! A solid game with lots of great and *useful* (my only complaint about GT3) dream cars, you won't be disappointed! :)
3	B00005NZ1J	For those who love racing games, Project Gotham Racing boasts amazing graphics, incredible physics and hundreds of great courses.I love car racing games. I've watched over the years as car models have gotten better and better looking, as the cars have handled more and more like a real car. Project Gotham Racing really takes all of these to the next level.While there isn't a huge selection of cars here, the ones that are represented are done VERY well. All of the details are there, including lighting detail and dents when you crash. The cars have great physics, so while you're doing all sorts of fancy slides and spins, the cars handles just like a real car would. I take my real car for winter driving practice in icy parking lots, and have tried some of these things :)The kudos system helps make the game even more interesting. Instead of just racing to the end of a course, you have to do so with style. Ride on two wheels, do spins, and avoid hitting other cars and objects for more points. The more points you get, the more special features and courses you unlock.The courses and towns are done extremely well. There are a variety of cities you get to drive through, and in each one you really get a feel for that area. London, Tokyo, New York and San Francisco are the basis for the tracks.Highly recommended to any racing fan!
3	B00005NZ1J	i think that this game (PGR) is good because of the lap racing the graphics everything but most of all the tracks you can race in japan america london and i laso like that you have to earn the cars and tracks so that it isnt at all an easy cakewalk! the cool thing is when you docool things it adds up your Kudos (Kudos are like money in the game)
3	B00005NZ1J	This game is extremly fun. Although almost impossible half way through its very addictive, you can't stop. I haven't figured what kudos are yet. I would reccomend to rent this game before buying because you might not like it as much as I do. But if you do get it and hate going through tons of kudos challenges there's a code for all the cars.
3	B00005NZ1J	This game has a nice feel.  Its one of those games that doesn't make you sick of it after you play for three hours.  Nice graphics and its fun to skid around the courses for style points.
3	B00005NZ1J	These Game has over 300 track first off all. And they are really different NOT MIRROR Track like on gran turismo 3. And they in clude 20 cars and you can unlock more like ferrias and porshues.You can also see the drive in the game(on gran turismo you couldn't see the drive in the seat, specially when you get a coverretable that just cover up the top). Project Gotham you can down load your own music from the xbox hard drive. I own Gran Turismo and it has nothing on Project Gotham. It's True, It's True!!!!!!!
3	B00005NZ1J	Think all car racing games are the same? Think that all XBOX games are filled with violence? You may surprise to find out the Project Gotham Racing  isn't the typical racing game nor is it a game with a great deal of violence.Having over 25 cars to choose from, coupled with over 200 tracks, in different cities around the world, to choose from, your choices may endless and the fun certainly will be.What I found to be the best feature of the game was the radio DJ with real music, and if you don't like any of the stations you can always rip your own. One thing to keep in mind is some of the lyrics are explicit and offensive, yet you have the choice.The involves skill, style and speed, each of which give you points and the higher you score the more you'll want to keep going. I also found the realism in the game quite amazing, any doubts, just wreck the car and see what happens.After playing this game I can now see way Electronic Gaming Monthly claims "Bets Racing Game on the XBOX!" and they are correct. So if you are looking for the Xmas gift, Xbox and Microsoft may have your answer.
3	B00005NZ1J	When I first got this game (I bought the X-Box system as a package and had to get three games) I thought it would be a Grand Trismo rip off. I was wrong. Time matters very little in this game, rather it isn't how fast you do the course, but how well you do it. With a point system that calls apon you do to various tricks that can increase you score and medals being based on that, its a refreshing change from the &quot;I have a need for speed games&quot;. Not that there's anything wrong with them, but a change is nice every once and a while.Then there are the sound tracks, you can make your own. With the X-Box being able to be used as a juke box, the game can pull the riped tracks off the systems hard drive and you can play what ever you like. The DJ in the radio function does get anoying after a while but he/she has a lot of different saying and only rarely repeats him/herself. I'm just suprised that they didn't put ads in the radio function for Microsoft products, new games..etc.
3	B00005NZ1J	Before I begin, I should note that I despise racing games and tend to have general dislike for games remotely in their genre. I would also like to note that PGR is NOT a racing game. Though it has many instances where you do race, the core gameplay centers on a combo system, not unlike a fighting game's, that makes the game extremely addictive. It is not how fast you drive, but how you drive fast. Though the game can get VERY frustrating at times, always making you strive for perfection, PGR is a highly rewarding experience and gives you much to work for and look forward to. The cars, albeit small in number, are beautifully rendered and the overall presentation of the game is very well done. Playing your own music is also a welcome option, though you tend to not hear much of the songs because you are constantly restarting the level in order to reach the perfection that the game DEMANDS! Like me, you do not have to like cars or racing games at all to enjoy the splendor of PGR. You simply need PERFECTION!
3	B00005NZ1J	I did not like this game almost AT ALL when I first got it due to the difficulty. I kept riding a Audi TT Roadster and was during horribly in the races. I then tried to use the faster cars and just get used to the terrible handling of the fast ones and then did this game turn around.....It soon became the ONLY game I was playing out of many XBOX games in which I own. One complaint I have is that you can't race at night in the quick race mode, and I am not sure if you can in the regular mode.....Night is the best because the graphics really shine with all the building lights on....
3	B00005NZ1J	Project Gotham is like a high-performance sports car. It looks absolutely gorgeous, dishing up thrills and giggles in generous portions. But be warned, if you want this as your daily driver, there are plenty of frustruations to live with.Even though it was launched nearly two years ago, the game still has some of the best graphics for an Xbox driver out there, topping newer releases like Burnout 2 and Midnight Club 2. The only one that comes close is Sega's GT 2002, but that title is hampered by repetitive tracks. Project Gotham has dozens of routes through four cities and you'll never get bored of the scenery.There is a wide selection of cars, ranging from sporty compacts like the Mini Cooper to muscle cars like the Camaro and high-end luxury sports cars from Ferrari and Porsche. There is no option to upgrade the cars, though new ones are unlocked as you progress though the levels.The gameplay is really tight, and the cars behave more like a simulator than an arcade game. Forget just gunning it all the way, you'll have to learn to apply the brake and watch the speedo going into corners. But there is a payoff for learning the ropes -- the kudos system that awards points for tricks like slides and catching air.HOWEVER. There is a big drawback to Project Gotham, and that is the difficulty. I admit I'm not great with driving games, but certain races are nearly impossible without complete mastery of every trick in the book. This puts a good number of cars out of reach. I basically got stuck after unlocking a third to a half of the cars. Because you need faster cars to compete better in the more difficult races, if you get stuck on one or two races you will be out of luck as far as the single player mode goes. Fortunately there is a widely known code that lets you unlock all the cars, but that robs you of the feeling of accomplishment for doing it yourself. An adjustable difficulty setting could have solved this.All in all, Project Gotham is a must-have driving title for the Xbox, and gets perfect scores for graphics, cars, and overall feel of the game. But the head-pounding difficulty keeps it out of reach of the checkered flag.
3	B00005NZ1J	I am not a big fan of racers. I liked Grand Turismo 3 on PS2 but was not overly impressed... if you are looking for a game that gets your attention quickly and everyone can play without having to know what kind of tires your car needs, this is a great game. So many cars to choose from, beautiful graphics (MUCH BETTER THAN GT3 on PS2) and some awesome tracks. I especially love driving the boxter trough san francisco!
3	B00005NZ1J	So many people were desperate for Project Gotham Racing to be the &quot;Gran Turismo killer.&quot;  Well, it isn't the first to be saddled with that hope, and won't be the last.  My advice, don't try to compare the two.  Both are successes in their own right and both are quality titles.  But, if I were forced, I must give the edge to the PS2's Gran Turismo 3.The best thing about Project Gotham is the variety.  Turismo has a marked tendency to get stale after awhile, but both games require a lot from the gamer to get full enjoyment.  This is not a game for those with short attention spans.  It's all about style in Project Gotham, and after awhile you will be wishing you had some, because chances are your best ain't quite good enough.There are relatively few &quot;levels&quot; in Gotham, but each is sectioned off into different portions depending on what the object of the race is.  Sometimes your objective is to finish first, sometimes to finish a lap under a certain time, other times it is to get above a certain Kudos level.  Kudos are achieved by utilizing impressive driving techniques during your run, like long power slides around corners, overtaking other cars, riding on 2 wheels, turning 180's, etc.  The tough part is being able to show off enough style to rack up Kudos while still finishing the race in a reasonable amount of time.And this game is not easy.  You start out with relatively small, unimpressive, measly cars which can get you to the Bronze level of the various challenges.  From there, the more challenges you complete the more cars you unlock.  People have complained about the lack of &quot;cool&quot; cars at the start, but let's not forget that Turismo limits your initial spending $$$ to the range of Mazda Miata or Plymouth PT Cruiser.  But it will take some time before you get around to unlocking the mean machines.Personally, I like this game.  Anyone can smell a poor-quality game coming a mile away, this is NOT a poor-quality game.  It does demand a lot, and I think that is where many will criticize it for not being user-friendly enough.  And let's not forget that this is simply an updated version of Bizarre Creations old Sega Dreamcast game, Metropolis Street Racer.  Gotham is leaps &amp; bounds better than MSR, but some of the old gameplay gripes still exist.So don't judge MSR on the Turismo scale, and have some patience with it.  It is a rewarding experience eventually.  It's just a shame that many will trash it in frustration before reaching that point.
3	B00005NZ1J	Project Gotham has endured the inevitable comparison to Sony's GT franchise, and in my opinion, has fared rather well.  As a gamer who has experienced both, I would not rate either one higher than the other.  Each game has its own unique characteristics and features to provide adequate replay value.  The licensing agreement with Ferrari and Porsche was a real coup for the Gotham team, but it is not enough to put it over the top when comparing it to the legend of GT.  The Kudos point system in Gotham makes it a bit too arcade-like rather than a true sim.  It is still a solid car game experience and I would recommend it to anyone with an Xbox who enjoys GT or other similar sim games.
3	B00005NZ1J	One of the best racing games available on any console, Project Gotham (PGR) improves upon the wonderful Metropolis Street Racer (Dreamcast) in EVERY way.  PGR is extremely challenging, visually striking, and full of replay value and many modes of play.First, gameplay.  PGR features a mix of realism and arcade-speed in its handling that is beyond compare.  I gave my brother a shot at a very tight track in NYC with a Porsche Boxster.  He was doing fairly well--as far as he knew--after only a lap or two.  He is a casual gamer who only plays sports games, baseball and Madden.  So if he can handle it so quickly and so well, then anyone can.BUT, then there are Kudos points, which you must earn by driving aggressively and with style.  This my brother would need much time to learn, how to string together a tail-out slide through cone markers while passing two cars and avoiding walls at the same time...plus coming in 1st!  Manage all this and you'll earn Kudos to open up new cars and tracks, even extra play modes, helmets, etc.  Real skill is needed in this game, on many dimensions.Now gameplay modes: you may be tasked with passing a certain number of cars in a certain time limit; beating a fast car one-on-one; earning a set number of Kudos on a track in a given number of time and laps (very hard); beating a specified average time; beating a specified single time, and more!  In fact, after 5 hours of playing, the game will open up an entire new game mode called Medal Pursuit (in which the focus shifts away from powerslides to absolutely clean driving to beat a best time)!  So much game!Oh, and then graphics.  The game is inarguably more graphically accomplished than even GT3 on PS2.  For instance, cars in GT3 generally only have &quot;paintd-on&quot; bodylines such as at doors, hoods, trunks.  In PGR there are so many more polygons used that you can actually see the sun reflect WITHIN the modeled bodylines!  Superb.PGR is flatly the best racer on the market for those who truly desire challenge, great gameplay, awesome music (including the ability to import your own from the hard drive), incredible 60fps graphics, and longevity.  You will not be getting that Ferrari F50 until you've shown some serious mettle.  A must-have racer for a must-have system.
3	B00005NZ1J	This is a great game. I'm not a car fanatic but it is thoroughly enjoyable.The graphics are stunning. See very realistic views of the cars including damage if you happen to bump (or be bumped) anything in the game.That said true racing fans might be a bit disappointed. No wrecks, no fuel management no pits etc.
3	B00005NZ1J	This game is very easy to get into. It's a totally different racing game. This may be the racing game for people who don't necessarily like racing games. There may not be too many cars to customize or too many locations, but if you are just interested in the simulation, then this game is everything you need. You don't just race to beat the clock or to win first. It's more of a just-how-well-can-you-drive-really-fast game. But you know what? That is what's so cool about it! It feels like really driving at high speeds. Even the controls are set up that way: left top button to brake, right top button for gas. In this game, you get points for driving well. If you pass drivers up, you get points. You make a hard turn perfectly, you get points. You go through cones at blazing speeds, you get points. Imagine driving over 100 mph and trying not to crash! This is what the game feels like!  For some it may be frustrating. It is easy to make points, but it is also very easy to miss out on them. If you crash into something, you lose those points. You can get point rich combos too. But if you accidently hit something like a wall or a cone, you lose them on that turn... yeah it sucks, but it makes the game pretty exciting. You'll find yourself shouting out loud and you will want to restart the race just to get those points. The graphics are cool, the music is cool, and the game play is cool. Much like other racing games, the more you race, the more you unlock. If you don't give up easily, you'll find yourself playing this one for a very long time. The game is well worth its current cost, but you may want to consider just buying the sequel. It looks about the same, but has more goodies like online play, way more cars and way more tracks. But for less than twenty bucks, this game is great!
3	B00005NZ1J	No, this is not a batman game as some people thought. It's even better (not that I liked batman games...).Project Gotham easily has over 20 REAL cars, like the F50 and VIPER models (even has the new Mini Cooper).This game uses the soundtrack feature of the Xbox (which lets you play your own music from your cds during the game).In multiplayer mode you can race up to four people at once in over 30 different locations.And with excellent graphics this game deserves 4 stars; if not better (you decide that part).
3	B00005NZ1J	For the first time I entirely agree with the editorial review.This game is amazing but at the same time amazingly hard.I have played racing games all the way back to Atari's NightDriver and this game just blows my mind.The computer is a bit ruthless and never makes an erroreven with the poor handling cars.  Oh yeah, the cars.  Wellthere are some really spiffy ones I doubt I'll ever drive.  Tounlock most of them requires perfect scores on impossibletracks. The cover should just have a Mini Cooper on the frontbecause that's what you will be driving most in this game!If you feel yourself ready to throw the controller against thewall just remind yourself it isn't real.  Or is It?
3	B00005NZ1J	As stated in the title I bought it to complete the series of the games. For its age its not a bad game at all. It shows damage on the cars just like the modern ones (just a bit more pixelated) but overall its a pretty cool game to play.
3	B00005NZ1J	Being this the first game I have gotten for X-Box I find the graphics awesome. I barely got this game a couple of days ago and so far so good! The music choice and the difficulty make this an awesome adventure. Some people are saying this game is too hard...well what do you expect? a little easy baby game? That'll be to boring. Thats the point, it's MEANT to be hard! And thats one of the reasons I like it so much, although the only annoying thing is you can't turn corners as fast as the computer, it's gets me annoyed. If you have an X-Box and your a big racing fan, this game is for you!
3	B00005NZ1J	I purchased this game solely on the good reviews it received. It was not a let down. There was a bit of a learning curve to use the hand controller to accurately maneuver the car, but then the game hooks you. It quickly becomes apparent that the game requires true skill to progress. The Kudos system (points based on meeting certain objectives) helps put you on track for learning these skills. There are a couple of places in the Kudos progression where it is frustrating difficult to get to the next level. But these are the exception, rather than the rule. The graphics are beautiful, and the selection of cars is sufficient to make this game a well-rounded good value.
3	B00005NZ1K	I LOVE this game!!I hate the Playstation so I have never played any of the earlier Oddworld titles.  Taking a chance, I got this for Christmas based on early XBOX game reviews and I have not regretted it yet!  While on the surface Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee looks like any other PS2 game out there, don't let that stop you from buying and enjoying this game.  What's it like?  Picture a game like Super Mario 64 or Sonic Adventure but with a much deeper plot, brain-busting puzzles and tons of technique and variety.Yes, this game will require a great deal of thought and planning to complete.  Don't wimp out and buy the [price] strategy guide just yet (wait until you beat the game on your own and then replay it with the strategy book to get to all the items/areas you may have missed!) part of this game's appeal is figuring out the puzzles yourself.  There's a great deal of satisfaction that comes with overcoming a particularly tricky area of the game!Your job as Abe and Munch is basically to rescue your friends and to pass through levels.  When I mentioned variety, there are levels where you must switch between the two heroes, possess enemies, use a crane to drop explosives on unsuspecting rivals, and resurrecting fallen comrades.  The powerups are actually useful and the story is both funny and interesting....I actually found myself laughing along with the nicely done between-level CGI movies!  Control is crisp and I found it to be really fun when you get Munch in his wheelchair!  Good stuff indeed!  Oh, and you get to save at any point in the game-this is the way it SHOULD be!Replayability is high because you are graded on your Qarma, in other words, the more friends you rescue, the higher your score.  This is difficult in that you must also utilize your friends to engage the enemies and some will be killed in the process.  The trick is to use your friends to fight only when absolutely necessary and only when you have sufficient numbers to do so.All in all, I love this game!  Buy this for your Xbox, you won't be disappointed!
3	B00005NZ1K	I pre-ordered this game for the xbox knowing only what I previously knew from the first two games from the people at Oddworld Inhabitants and right from the beginning of this game I knew that whatever this game would throw at me would be a Refreshingly Twisted brand of a gaming experience. The game is at first an unusual transition if you have played the previous two, which coincedenly were done in 2D can throw off newbies to the series. But, adaption comes quick, seriously, and you find yourself enjoying it more and more. The game begins with a tutorial like area that runs you through the basics of the game [this is not totally dumbed down, it's rather a good introduction to the game] this makes life easy. This also shows you how easy it is to interact with other characters in the game as you manuever around as either Abe or Munch. The graphics are what you would expect from Xbox, Amazing. Playability greatly utilizes the convenience of the Xbox controller and makes the game generally a dream to play. So if your tired of first-person shooters, racing or fighting games. I would have to recommend this game as it is a very fun game that will keep you entertained for a great while. The game is truly a breath of fresh air in this gaming genre and is really Refreshingly Twisted.
3	B00005NZ1K	Abe and Munch have to be the funkiest looking aliens to hit a video game system since the original funktified aliens, Toe Jam and Earl. Their adventure in oddworld is unique and original. Like all things unique and original, you might not get it. The game does a great job of clueing you into the story so far(seeing as how this is the third game in the Oddworld series) and teaching you how to play the game as it goes along. I've never looked in the owners manuel and i am having fun! Keep an eye out for the enemy eating toupees. They're pretty hilarious.
3	B00005NZ1K	-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-The game is odd, but then it is called &quot;Oddworld&quot; after all...so don't be shocked when you find yourself saying, &quot;that's odd&quot;.  But, the real question should be, &quot;Is it fun?&quot;.  That completely depends on your perspective...do you like slower paced games where you run around and collect things to solve puzzles?  Jumping around to hit the next piece of the ladder?  Telling little baby looking things to attack your enemies?  Then this is the game for you.  I personally enjoyed playing it, but I couldn't play it for a long amounts of time....I'd get a little bored....but that's me.One thing that did bug me was some of the music, after a few hours, I couldn't stand listening to it....I had to turn the volume down just so I could keep playing.  Younger kids will love this game, adults might shy away.
3	B00005NZ1K	This is simply a spectacular game, all the more so for being a launch title. Fantastic graphics, clever gameplay and the best-realized characters I've seen in a videogame. Plus the great Oddworld humor. I'm playing this with my 4-year old at my side and we're fighting for the controller (he like to operate the robots and cranes, and to collect the spooce). When he goes to sleep I stay up and finish levels.
3	B00005NZ1K	Despite somewhat lackluster reviews, I found Munch's Oddysee to be very entertaining and quite fun.  The graphics are gorgeous, the controls are simple, and the puzzle-nature of the game went at just the right pace to keep me interested.  Also, some of the video cut-scenes are quite possibly the funniest I've seen on any next-generation system.  Worth at least a rental, if not a purchase.
3	B00005NZ1K	I liked this game so much!!  Not loved, but liked, liked enough to keep on playing it.  The guys are such a blast to play, especially Munch.  He may not have much going for him, but I love the radar zapper he has.  Drink a can of Zapp, and he's leathal!  Great fun.  And, it improves your communication skills.  &quot;Hey!  It's Abe!&quot;
3	B00005NZ1K	This is an entertaining game.  The only launch game I still own and pop in from time to time.  More than I can say for the extremely overrated Halo.
3	B00005NZ1K	The original Oddworld game, Abe's Oddysee, was pretty challenging. (I never got around to playing Abe's Exxodus.) It was definitely a thinking man's game. It appeared to be a platformer, but in truth it was a puzzle game through and through. The controls and character animations were not geared towards true platforming action. It was about figuring out what precise series of steps you had to take to reach areas, and how to guide/help/manipulate NPC characters to reach areas. For the most part, Munch's Oddysee is the same sort of game. [Arbitrary edit by one of Amazon's faceless editors.] I never encountered any puzzle that was as tough to crack as the toughest puzzles in Abe's Oddysee. I don't object to the few levels in which you send a squad of allies to attack enemies. When you spend so much time in the game sneaking around and fearing for your life, turning the tables on the bad guys once in a while feels great. One thing that hurts the challenge level is that you can literally save anywhere. ANYWHERE. In the original, if you had to run a long gaunlet of several tough manuvers, you just had to keep trying over and over until you were able to perform them all in one go. In this game, if you're faced with a series of 20 demanding jumps, you can make the first jump, save, make the second jump, save etc. If you miss the final jump, rather than have to start back at the beginning, you can just reload your last "quicksave" and try that final jump until you get it.
3	B00005NZ1K	This game is great, You can possess anything that moves.From Greedy glukkon's, to slig and big bro sligs! This games a blast..in more ways then one.
3	B00005NZ1K	I've always been a big fan of the Oddworld series, ever since Abe underwent his first Oddysee, back in the glory days of the PSone. I think the real hook for me with that first game was realizing there was a button entirely dedicated to forcing your on-screen character to fart. I'd never seen anything like it before and it's one of the major reasons I went ahead and bought my first Playstation, along with Oddworld: Episode I as my first game. It had inspired gameplay, an offbeat sense of humor that hit all the right notes, great voice acting and incredible replay value.Fortunately enough, many of those qualities have remained intact beyond Abe's second game and now into Oddworld's third chapter. My one major qualm about Abe's Exoddus (the second game), the change in voice actors for Abe himself, has now been repaired. With the old feel back again, a new character, a stunning jump to 3-D and a continuation of the old story, there should be nothing holding this game back from perfection... right? Well, not entirely so.Despite everything it's got going for it, there are a few little factors about this game which serve to do nothing more than irritate. Nearly every operation required of your character is performed with one button. The Xbox controller's "A" Button is used to jump, press buttons, pick things up, pull switches, activate portals, climb into a wheelchair, operate machinery, or grab a drink from one of the game's vending machines. The rest of the controller's buttons are used for conversing with non-playable characters, a task which was completed by holding in one of the L or R buttons and pressing another button in earlier games in the series. As a result, you'll often jump to your doom when you'd rather lift something up or something equally as silly. In addition, controlling Abe in the open field is notably difficult. There are points where precision is an absolute necessity, but Abe's veering left when you want him to go forward. For a game of this magnitude, with a control system that was already tweaked to perfection, it's silly that they muddled things like that. You'll eventually get used to the inadequacies of the system, but will never get to the point where Abe or Munch does exactly what you want every single time.Another thing that slightly irked me was the length of the game. Though it's certainly nothing to sneeze at, I completed everything in around eight hours. Maybe nostalgia has fogged my mind, but I don't remember the first two games as being that short. But, as I said, it's a minor issue and not one I'll really take anything away for. Just don't go into this expecting an epic on par with Final Fantasy or Grand Theft Auto.The way this game looks is simply amazing. As a first-wave launch title for the Box, I'll admit I had set my expectations a little loftily, but Munch's Oddysee surpassed even my steep hopes and wishes. Every step of this world is visually stunning, from the soft gradient of the outdoor skies to the brown, crusty grime gathered around the toilets in the later stages. The attention to detail is off the charts, and I'd occasionally just set the controller down and take everything in. It's that good looking.In addition, the pre-rendered CGIs maintain the standard set forth by the previous episodes. The cinemas were always one of my favorite parts of Oddworld, and the envelope continued its trend of moving forward here. Just great, great stuff, brought full circle with some spot-on voice work.The audio tells you everything you need to know when first gaining your surroundings in a new area. With Dolby support, it's possible to locate a lost Mudokan with your eyes shut. You can hear the click-click-click of an enemy slig down the hallway. The music is fresh, maintaining a beat in the background but never overpowering the scene. It picks up when you're being assaulted or chased, and dips back down when you're just patiently exploring. The cartoony sound effects are occasionally out of place and unnecessary, but on the whole don't interfere. My one problem with the audio was more a planning issue than anything else. Every once in a while, you'll run into a 'spiritual advisor', who tells you what you need to be doing in that part of the stage. It's pretty important you understand what he's saying, yet subtitles aren't available in case someone you can't hear him for some reason. A vacuum cleaner was running elsewhere in the house one afternoon, and I had to wait for some time before I could continue because I needed to know what he was telling me. Subs should've at least been an alternative option...The story is pure Oddworld. It kept me intrigued every step of the way, even if what I was doing was repetitive. There's an overlying theme of lightheartedness, and the same issues of extinction and over industrialization are covered in a new and interesting way. With rumors claiming there are three alternate endings, depending on how many innocents you save through the game, there's also the promise of enjoyable replay value without identical results.All in all, the series has made a successful, albeit rocky, jump into the world of 3-D. The graphics are very impressive, even by today's unrealistic standards, the audio isn't flawless (though it's close), the controls need some work, and the story has never been better. This is a really fun game to play, and though it does get a little easy, there's always just enough challenge to keep veteran players occupied without losing interest. It's a great way to kick off your Xbox collection, whether you're young or old, new to gaming or hardened from years of battle.
3	B00005NZ1K	I received this game for Xmas, I probably wouldn't have bought in on my own. The game is a lot of fun as it is very different from any other game I've played. The graphics are great and the overall gameplay is very good. If you are tired of the sports games and the typical fighting games, try this one out.
3	B00005NZ1K	GREAT CHARACTERS, SOUND IS GREAT, GRAPHICS ARE GOOD, CONTROL IS GOOD, GAME SPEAK IS GREAT. THIS JUST A TEST RUN, RIGHT? IT BETTER BE BECAUSE THE XBOX IS CAPABLE OF SO MUCH MORE AND THEN SOME. ODD WORLD IS A GOOD ADVENTURE BUT IT REALLY NEEDS MORE VARIETY. THIS THE XBOX PEOPLE, NOT GAMECUBE, N64, PS2, OR GAMEBOY ADVANCE. USE THAT 733MHZ CPU, 250GPU,10G HARD DRIVE, 266 SOUND CHANNEL. RIP ALL THAT APART AND BLOW US AWAY OR SOME ONE WILL BE OUT OF A JOB.
3	B00005NZ1K	This is a weird game and whether you like it or not all depends on your taste in video games, but I thought this game was very fun and the graphics were terrific. It's strange and there are times during gameplay where it begins to get rather boring. However, the game is a game of strategy. Virtually a string of puzzles which must be solved and the game actually causes you to think. You play simoultaneously as Munch and Abe. Two creatures in Oddworld who both have different skills and both which are needed to pass certain levels in the game. I do think that there were times when the game should have ended and it didn't. And do to bad Quarma, it tried to make me repeat the game. For all I know it might make you do this if your Quarma is good, but I think that technically I beat the game. There are times when it is a little bit annoying but overall it is truly a terrific game. A-
3	B00005NZ1K	This game is really wierd.  But it is fun in the end.  I think most people will like it.  If you like Shrek this ones for you.  If you like Whacked you will probably like this.  If you don't like both of them you may not like this and I suggest you rent it.
3	B00005NZ1K	This is a game for all the family. You get to control 2 characters &quot;ABE&quot; &quot;MUNCH&quot;. Abe is best on land by running fast, jumping high, mind controling enemies, telling friends to help him out and more. Munch is small and he can swim, use a wheel chair to move faster, rescue small fury creatures and more. If you like Crash Bandicoot(I thought Crash 2 was best followed by Crash 1)then you'll like this.PRO'Sthe pricenot violentquite originalmake kids laughGreat graphicsinfinity healthNo time limit to finish missions90% of game Not hard(My friend with learning dicabilities could play this).save anyweregood cutcenes(you can skip them)quite repetetivetakes 10 days or more to finishsometimes you don't know what to do next(I didn't play the game for months then I got back to it and completed it).
3	B00005NZ1K	Oddworld first one and a half games were hilarous and innoventive(Because the sequel to Oddworld:Abe's Oddysee dosen't count). The 2.5 game in the series has to be the second best of them all because even though this game tops the first one in every way possible but the sad, sad truth is it's the shortest of them all. Munch and Abe are like made for each other even though they were made that way. The controls are good but the Xbox controller feels like it's from a different world because switching is very awkward at very important parts of the game which thus losing a star from me. If you love comedy games like Earthworm Jim and Earthworm Jim 2, this game is made espically for you.
3	B00005NZ1K	When I first started playing this game, I thought, oh no, I just wasted fifty bucks.  But then after I played a while, I realized that this isn't just another formula crash bandicoot game.  It has a creative plot and interesting characters to interact with.  Also, you switch between the two heroes, Munch and Abe, so you don't get tired of them.  Very nice graphics, but a little dark.  Overall a creatively conceived game all around that makes you want to keep playing.
3	B00005NZ1K	With the exception of the few last levels where it seems a little daunting to complete the game- this is one of the BEST and creatively executed games ever made for the Xbox! A must have!
3	B00005NZ1K	This game (and its characters) have got so much personality it spills over right into your lap.  Darn, and these were brand new pants.This game is WICKED cool visually, it has good sound, and an excellent storyline...so far, a bit on the easy side, but if I recall the other OddWorld games, that won't last.Platform/run &amp; jump &amp; shoot type games aren't really my style, but this combines that genre with a significant amount of problem-solving and interaction with other lifeforms within the game.What this game has (which is something I prize in books as well as games)is UNIQUENESS.  Now I know that sounds like an 'Odd' thing to say about a game that is third in a series, but the addition of Munch, and the fact that the game is completely in3-D make this a truly singular experience.  Most games of this type are mindless repetition and no story, but this series is almost closer to a Pixar film than a video game.  Go get it!
3	B00005NZ1K	This game is not just awesome, but this game also has exellent humor!Pros:Great Humor: Munch burping etc...Awesome game play: interesting level designs, etc...Challlange: Pretty much a challange, it toke me 4 hours to complete on of the levels on the game.Cons:Can't think of any!Overall: 5/5I will highly reccommend this game to anyone who like adventure games, or likes the other oddworlds.
3	B00005NZ1K	I only watch my G/F play this game, and really she is one of those players that tend to get a bit bother my games and how they play very fast.For 3 weeks now she has played this game for a hour of two each week, other then a few draw in problems with the game, it looks good from what I see.Check this game out if your looking for a little fun in your gaming.
3	B00005NZ1K	I love this game! As a nother reviewer put it, Xbox's capabilities in terms of graphics really does shine throught this game. There is some awesome scenery in this game!!!I was hooked on this game mainly because it was finally something different from all the other games and definitely unique.The characters' options are really cool such as the commands to the monks and others and the ability to push them, hit them, pick them up, tell them to stay, tell them to come, etc...really cool game.
3	B00005NZ1K	first xbox game i got just need to get more now so my family have several different games to play
3	B00005NZ1K	This game has everything. A storyline that grips you right off the bat, a variety of visuals and changing landscapes, challenging levels that take some thinking about how to get through, changes to what you must do to complete each level (save slaves, restore nature, unlock a door, fight past enemies, just get to the end or all of the above). And above all a very satisfying conclusion.When I was younger I played the heck out of this game, and beat it every way possible except Black Quarma (which does have a newspaper and end screen. Look around Google for a while and you WILL find it). I got good quarma, pretty good quarma, perfect quarms (saved everyone and killed every enemy I could). Also I did a bad quarma but to do that you really have to try to kill everyone.Two last aspects that helped the game, was the needing to think about your strategy a couple of times and all the humor within the cutscenes. Plenty of good memories here.
3	B00005NZ1K	Odd world munchs oddysee is a great game.It'S Blend of platforming is cool. Some parts were annoying because You didn't know what to do next but thats the best part about the game. Especcially possesing..Thats pretty neat.The graphics are the biggest highlights of the game. The texture is very high nd' I love the res of the game!The story is very good and inovating. I didn't really like the ending of the game. They could have made it a tad bit better.The levels are Friken sweet, through out the game you have to use both Munch and Abe in alot of puzzles which are really neat I might add.The amount of time this game took me was awhile but they could have made it a little longer though. But still the lengh was good.There are also some very memorable levels in the game espicially(My spelling sucks I know) When you're possesing the bots n' stuff like that.Over all I would probably give this game a 9.2 out of 10...Great game....A must own for XBox Owners..Later..
3	B00005NZ1K	Odd World Munch's Oddesy is a very underrated Xbox title that is being ignored by Halo loving fools.  This game is the sequal to the ever so loving Odd World series for the Playstation.  This time the story revolves more around Munch.  This poor lil' dude is caught up on the wrong moment at the wrong time.  Soon our hero is caught up with our previous Odd World hero, Abe.  These two guys really make a great duo.  They are the Ratchet and Clank, Jak and Daxter of the Xbox.  The game is superb with storyline and gameply.Oddworld has extreamly awesome gameplay and it's a game that I acctually wanted to beat so I can see what happends to poor Abe and Munch.  The game is sort of repetitive but is overall fun filled action adventure.  The game is chuck full of really memorable levels and battles with enemies.  Once again Abe is able to Possess the baddies and take controll of them.  Poor Munch...Most of the time you'll have to have em' in a weelchair since he only has one foot.  The game is a really great game but it fails at lengh and some gameplay elements.The music is great, visuals are awesome, but the game can end pretty quickly and is pretty repetitive.  There are more then 1 ending that will keep you playing for awhile but you could easily beat it withen a week.  That really doesn't help this Underrated classic but ohwell...Good-Visuals are fantastic and one of the best on the Xbox-Great Gameplay elements-Some really memorable gameplay sequences-Munch and Abe are able to posses things-some endings to get which will last for awhileBad-a bit on the short side-can be repetitive-some parts look exactly like the same levels except new enemies!The ugly-Munch in a weelchair...ewwwwOverall Munch's Oddesy is an underrated Xbox title that no Xbox owner should miss out on(unless there expecting something like Halo then forget it)the visuals are great, fantastic voice acting, great gameply, you can controll the camera which is great but still doesn't help for the repetitive gameplay and some dull levels, and overall is a very enjoyable game and that is why I'm giving it a...4.3 out of 5 stars...Lates
3	B00005NZ1K	A very weird, but entertaining plot, Munch's Oddysee starts off with explaining each characters (Munch and Abe) story.  It's up to you (the gamer) to save Oddworld from the evil Vykkers, greedy bigwigs, and the Glukkons!  You will be playing the game as Munch AND Abe, always switching back and forth between levels, or in the same level.  You will be saving from fuzzles about to fry, to Muddokins about to die!!!  Sound ODD so far?!?Munch's Oddysee has to be the PERFECT puzzle game for pretty much anyone w/ a crazy and funny sense of humor.  Even parents can get hooked on this great puzzler!  With great eye candy, and great visuals of camera angles, this game did not hold back on graphics and creativity!  Through the levels, you will need to work through some puzzles to move through to later stages.  Most of the time, Munch and Abe will need to work as a team.  Although there are some levels that include fighting and violence, its pure fun and excitement, rather than blood and gore.(Making it very suitable for young ages!)  You will also need to save many furry little creatures called fuzzles, and Abes friends called Muddokins.(Who are pretty brain dead, and really needs Abe's guidance! :))If you are looking for a crazy, odd game that will keep you playing for hours on end, and never ending in excitement, im sure this game will be for you!  With great graphics, puzzles, and characters, this game is great for all ages!  You may want to rent this game before buying just to make sure this is the game that you can get into!  I hope this review helped you in deciding if this games for you! :)Sean Barnett
3	B00005NZ1K	This epic adventure was so much fun I finished it in a few, very intense nights. I found the characters, graphics, environments, puzzles, and music all to be extremely smart and ultimately creative. Technically, this game is flawless. I really appreciated the perfect mix of humor and fright. That and the satisfaction of outsmarting and zapping creepy adversaries made this a week of non-stop fun that almost cost me a girlfriend. Most pleasantly surprising to me was the game's reliance on cooperation between Abe and Munch in order to make progress. I has able to spin that as a learning experience for my son. ;)
3	B00005NZ1K	Yeah I admit it, I really love this game.  It is just so chock full of character and personality it's really hard to not love it.  Once you get by the wackness of it, there's a lot to like here.Anyone who likes adventure classics like Monkey Island doesn't need to think twice here.  Munch's Oddysee is five times as wacky as Monkey Island is at its wackiest (and that's pretty damn wacky).  The characters are loveable and hillarious in their various twisted ways, and the story reads like something that a psychedelic proponent might come up with.  The graphics are believable and chock full of eye candy that really give this game life.That said if your a big action gamer that only likes fast paced games, you'll probably be bored stiff at this stuff.  Slow going to be sure, but a lot of fun nonetheless.  Maybe give it a rental first to see if its your style before buying.  Personally though, I think its the best launch title for the Xbox after Halo.
3	B00005NZ1K	Abe and Munch are two of the weirdest characters in video gaming. They must work together, which sounds good but they are two completely different characters with different skills and abilities.Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee is a puzzle game, with a little action thrown in to keep most players interested. The puzzles are easy to understand so that even younger players can determine how to solve them, even though they may not have the skills to easily complete them. Most levels require no violence, and even those that do are distant, bloodless, and somewhat funny.This power of Xbox really shines with this game. The graphics and sound are really good. The characters travel through forests, valleys, mountains, towers, etc. while using  a whellchair, cranes, beverage dispensers, etc.This is fun for most of the family, although the females might not laugh as loud as the boys at the green clouds of gas or noisey belches.
3	B00005NZ1K	MUNCH'S ODDYSEE is the first game in the Oddysee franchise that I have played.  The first two games in the series were released on Playstation formats, but MUNCH'S ODDYSEE came out on X-Box and was one of the launch games of that system.  I first played this game at a friend's house not long after it came out.  I was fascinated by the amazing graphics and having different characters in the world literally follow the main characters around.  It wasn't until recently, however, that I was able to get the game myself and play it all the way through.MUNCH'S ODDYSEE is the third game in the Oddworld series.  If you're like me and have never played any of the other games in the series, that's okay because there's a movie at the beginning of the game that explains Abe's adventures in the first two games and the connection between Abe's race, the Mudokon's, and Gabe's race, the Gabbits.  Munch is the last living Gabbit, but is captured by the evil Vykkers, a race of creatures bent on domination, consumerism, industrialism, and environmental destruction.  Munch is taken captive and one of the early levels of MUNCH'S ODDYSEE involves helping Munch escape from the Vykker's labs' ship.  Once Abe and Munch meet up, the general storyline of the game involves getting back to the Vykker's Labs ship to rescue the egg crates full of Mudokon young and save the last can of Gabbit eggs in existence.The graphics in the game are amazing.  It feels and looks like you are playing a movie.  This shouldn't come as a surprise because the Oddworld series was originally conceived as a set of films.  However, the company, Oddworld Inhabitants, started making video games instead.  Oddworld Inhabitants has gone back to their original plans and the first Oddworld movie is apparently in production.As for game play, MUNCH'S ODDYSEE is simple enough that even most beginning gamers can play along fairly easily, yet the game has enough challenges to make it interesting enough for life-long gamers.  The game is fun to play and appeals to children and young adults, but has enough humor and oddity to appeal that it appeals to older gamers, too.  Now that I've experienced Oddworld, I'm looking forward to the cinematic tales Oddworld Inhabitants will bring.
3	B00005NZ1K	This is a great game for X-BOX,it might make people want X-BOX instead of PS2 or Gamecube.I played the first Oddworld for Playstation1,I loved it I think this is a great game but I wish it was coming for PS2,my system.....
3	B00005NZ1K	Halo and Splinter Cell are my favorites ( as of right now )This game will make you think and work hard till the end!A must have for any Xbox owner!Overall: I hope they make a sequel to this game!
3	B00005NZ1L	i bought this game thinking it would be something like zelda.HAH! This is like the very basic zelda where you can walk around and use 1 attack. there is no items menu or weapons menu or any menu besides the pause. this game is sooooo repetative nothing different, alllllll the same. HAH and hear this. i went to the store a few weeks after i got azirik at the same store. i bought another game (blinx which i dont highly reccomend either but its not nearly as bad as this one) and when i was buying it the salesman said &quot;and if for any reason you should not like this game...you can take it back within 7 days.&quot; and i said &quot;o i wish i knew about that when i bought azurik&quot; and he sais &quot;well, technically we shouldnt have even sold you azurik&quot;!!!!! HAHAHA this game is so bad
3	B00005NZ1L	i love this game...though i own many other wonderful games this one still stays at the top as my favorite...graphics are great even the music is great...you dont have to follow any certain order. all you have to do is restore the discs...like i say with other 5 star rated games have fun!!!
3	B00005NZ1L	This is one of those games that even with cheats it is still challenging. The concept of combining elements was cool and different. On this game you have to do a lot of backtracking through the different realms, but that makes it even better.
3	B00005NZ1L	This is a good game. Has nice graphics average sound...but...AWESOME gameplay. This is one of the funnest games ive played and if not for the average graphics and sounds, it would have got a 5-star rating. It may take a while to get into, but finding new places, getting new powers, unlocking secrets, and fighting kick-a bossess make it a fair competiter. I believe people dont put enough time into this game. Like i said it takes a while but this ends up into a nice box. The story line begins at a tower, where the 6 (?) realms meet. There are 2 lore gaurdains left, Azurik and (can't remember name...dammit). The lore gaurdian that isn't Azurik is possed by the Death Realm leader and is driven to take the Death Realm disk and destroy the others. This is a very long game so expect long game time. I think it takes around 75 hours to beat. wow. I still hav't won but im close.
3	B00005NZ1M	I'm back again with another Xbox game review. If you don't know what game to pick. You stay in the store all day trying to pick out a good game. I'ts okay. If you have a party for Xbox and you think all of the games are boring (except Halo) which they're not of course then wait no more. NFL Fever 2002 is the game to pick. You cna choose from 31 teams including bonus teams and stadiums and the dynasty mode is the best. As you progress through the season or seasons you will notice under Trophy case that there is a Hall of Fame and Retired Jerseys and other things you will see the team that won the previous season. Does Madden do that? No way. I'm on 2012 with my favorite team the Carolina Panthers. I've won 1 Super Bowl. Broken many rushing records with Willie Green from BC. He really is. I admire his playing just as much as Maurice Morris and Brent Jones but he's just good. I left alot out this game review. But just get it. Rated E. My next review will be for NHL Hitz 2002 which I am getting tomorrow.
3	B00005NZ1M	One of the flagship titles for X-box and one of the reasons I was so looking forward to X-box to begin with...a great looking football game without having to learn all those massive key combinations like Madden (which can suck the fun out of a game if you're so busy trying to figure out buttons).I'll leave the pro's quite simple, since many of the reviews you will read are all positive, and I concur for the most part:- Game graphics are absolutely stunning.- It is relatively easy to learn...you can pretty much master the controls 20  minutes out of the box, and the included tutorial is great.- Tons of plays to chose from, some would even say too many...I know I can't possibly go through all the plays within 30 seconds per down.- The stadiums are great as well as weather and lighting effects.  All the teams are present, plus many to unlock and special teams.- Accurate stats on all current players and extensive create player/roster functions.- Highlight real and commentary add more realism.- Great save feature.- Practice feature.- Energetic soundtrack.- Force feedback on controls.The not so bad cons:- The manage teams (you play the role of manager) function is a bit overwhelming for the casual fan.  You can literally spend hours building teams from scratch, trading players, working with salary caps, etc.  This is micromanagement at its most and really detracts from the game unless you like that sort of control.- Dynasty mode.  You play a team for 25 years and try to make your mark in history.  Fun, but the quarters are limited to 5 minutes thus really making it hard to make a game without huge plays (a big gamble).- No season mode.  Why can't I just pick a team, and play one season up to Superbowl?  This is probably my biggest contention with the game.- For novice players, the whole 3-4, 4-3, dime and shotgun plays need better description.  With so many plays to choose from it's hard to decide on the best strategy with little description.  Most of the time, you will just end up picking the `recommended' play that the CPU chooses.All in all, this is a great and fun game to sit down with a buddy and play a regulation game with.  I know my friends and I are sitting on the edge of the seats when we play and really get excited with great execution of plays.  But the long dynasty and lack of one season modes make this game fall short of 5 stars.
3	B00005NZ1M	Having played football games from the 2600 days, to Tecmo Bowl on the NES and more recently the 2K series on the Dreamcast, I was curious to see what more Microsoft could do with a football title on it's new game system.I was expecting poor AI, better graphics, and some improved sounds.  However, Microsoft has done the impossible and added some INNOVATION and cool features to this tired genre of games.  This is an unexpected surprise considering that this is truly Microsoft's first football game for any console and that fact that NFL FEVER 2002 came out this well on their first try is remarkable.  I can't even imagine what more they can add to next year's version!As for the innovation, thanks to the Xbox's hard drive, Highlights are stored for highlight reel at the end of the game.  Player of the week, etc awards are given out at the conclusion of each week.  You can save your progress in the middle of a game...even highlights can be saved thanks to HD!  The Dynasty mode is truly great...here you take control of a team for a span of 25 years with the ultimate goal of building and maintaining a dominating franchise for as many years as possible.  What's cool is that the stats and records are tracked in such detail.  For example, each team has all its REAL retired numbers which you can add to once your dynasty develops some proven players.  They added in historical data that you can actually add to when your team gets good such as rookie of the year, Superbowl MVP, MVP's, etc.Yes, some of these features and stat tracking have been done before on other systems, but this is the first time it's done correctly and effectively because the hard drive has the room to store all the data necessary to maintain the stats.  No memory card needed here!In short, get this game!  Forget Madden 2002, this is the best Football game I've ever played and this is coming from someone who felt the 2K series on the DC wasn't very good.
3	B00005NZ1M	...I'm going to review this game anyway. Its a awesome NFL game that gets five stars. But whats the point? Is anyone actually even reading this? Anyway, this game is a great game with great graphics and everything... But it might be a little too late for this review. Ah well. I still play it.
3	B00005NZ1M	NFL Fever is a great game. It gets five stars from me for five different reasons.1) it's a good game, whether or not it's better than madden means nothing to me... it offers challeneges, has amazing graphics and has neat features.2) when you're in the dynasty mode classic NFL films music is played, that alone deserves a star.3) i've always been annoyed that older football games didn't keep stats over the full season like baseball does, or if it did, they didn't give you props for breaking a cherished record, like the season record for interceptions.4) moving your team to the Roman Coliseum is just cool5) the amazing instant replay, make a great run through the entire defense, and spend 30 minutes watching the replay for just every possible angle known to man kind. Even on something as mudane as an extra point the instant replays are exciting!
3	B00005NZ1M	I own the wonderful xbox and this game.  It is awesome.It's just like playing actual football.  When you are finished with a game, they give the gameball to the greatest player and also they have a highlight reel of the best plays by both teams.Buy it.
3	B00005NZ1M	After playing this game extensively in a kiosk, all I've got to say is WOW.  Madden and the Nfl 2k series are in for some serious competition.  This game is incredible.  It plays much better then I was expecting it to.  The running game is the best I have played, with holes that open up if you hit them right.  The passing games is spectacular as well, but no so easy at first.  You have to have your QB set, especially if your throwing into the secondary as the pass gets will get disrupted easily.  Defense on this game is also top-notch.  The pass rushing is incredible as is the receiver coverage.As for the interface on choosing the plays, it is easy, straight-forward and quick.  The graphics are the best amongst football games, and some of the replays are absolutely hilarious. I can't really comment on the sound as I was ata kiosk, I can't wait to hear some of the bone-crunching hits in full 5.1 SS glory.This game gets 5 stars as it easily beats Madden for football game of the year
3	B00005NZ1M	This is one of the best (NFL) Football games I've ever played I think I'd like Blitz just a little bit better but it is great. Very good graphics and also has bonus teams, bonus levels, &quot;training camp&quot;, and a few different type of real and &quot;fantasy&quot; seasons. Once you get stared and GOOD at it you will have/get nfl FEVER.
3	B00005NZ1M	I agree with one reviewer that 5 minute quarters is a drag, but I love the game.  I love the look, the feel, the sounds, everything else.  Sure, I can't rack up numbers like I could on Madden, but I could never learn how to play Madden.  After all the years and all the consoles and PCs, I still get thrashed by Madden and give up and wait for next year.  This game is fun for me.  I can be competitive, and that is all I ask out of a game when playing the computer.  Other than the 5 minute quarters, I have zero complaints about this game.  Personally, I liked 8 minute quarters on Madden; it kept the thrashings respectable.If you want depth, this is most likely not the game for you.  I may suck at Madden, but I do miss some of its features that Fever does not have.  If you want to have fun, but not NFL Blitz fun, this is your game.
3	B00005NZ1M	Microsoft's NFL Fever is one of the best games for the newest system availible and is way betetr than msot of the competition...that is except for NFL 2K2. The graphics are amazing, by far the best of any football game availible. The rain-soaked fields or the snow covered fields look amaizngly real and the players look jsut like they do in the NFL. The gameplay is good although the very large controller makes it hard to control for kids.There are a very large variety of plays for each team mirroring the real NFL team and all of the rosters are evry up-to-date with rookies and free agent signigns like Tomlinson and Chambers.Anyone that loves football will be amazed by this games realism to the real NFL.Look for MIcrosoft to cotinue to make an even better NFL Fever game next year. I would definitely reccommend this game for any NFL fan unless you can find NFL 2K2 for the XBOX cheaper.
3	B00005NZ1M	take my advice, if u like sports games, this is the one for you, nfl fever has faster gameplay than madden 2002 and has more realistic hits. i bought my xbox along with my game 11/15/01, and it is sweet. i have experienced this game and it is a blast!
3	B00005NZ1M	When everyone sees this game they gasp, why it looks like real football on TV, but in this day and age, all football games look like you are watching it on TV. So what it now comes down to are features and gameplay. The gameplay for this game is ultimately easy to learn and master in a few hours with the game's training camp and practices. Press B to tackle, press A to have a burst of speed, press X to select a different player and press Y to do a taunt as your running down the field! To throw the ball, press A and then look at the players on the field, they will have colors above them, and then press the color button of the player to throw it to them. A big feature is the season mode and the single game settings which feature night or day play, snow, rain, heat, player fatigue, referee toughness, quarter length and even wind speed! Its quite amazing to play with different elements in different fields, it makes for game longevity! The downfall are the commentators which just play get annoying especially when you are losing! Also the transitions of the game between plays, such as it will show the players getting down on the field and dancing and taunting, it just makes for wasted time, no wonder why football games last 3 hours!
3	B00005NZ1M	I've played this game more hours than the rest of my X-Box titles combined!  I keep coming back because every game and every season is different than the last thanks to the Dynasty Mode Feature and Dynamic player performance. The ability to control the strengths and weaknesses of your team and adjust your play-calling to maximize your team stregths makes this game continually interesting.  Anything can happen in these games.  I've successfully come back from 14 point deficits with 2 minutes to go in the fourth quarter. I've lost games on last second fifty-yard field goals.  It's frustrating, it's exhilirating, it's great.  I've purchased 7 games for the X-box and I feel this game is the most entertainment for the money.
3	B00005NZ1M	This is the fun version of Madden.  It has the technical aspect, but gameplay is much more offense oriented. The graphcs are out of sight. Its not like Madden, in that the game was made for XBox, not ported from another platform. Thus its able to take advantage of the power of the Xbox.  There are moments when I forgot I was playing a game and thought I was watching one.  This game will not disappoint.
3	B00005NZ1M	NFL Fever is in a league of it's own in the sporting games.  This is no doubt(Gwen Stefani) the best football game in HISTORY.  If Halo were a sports game:  NFL Fever 2002 would give it a run for it's money&quot;Hootie &amp; the Blowfish Rule!&quot;
3	B00005NZ1M	This was the decision I was faced with after getting my Xbox. I knew I wanted one football game, but I had no clue which one to get. After doing some major research about all three games, this is my condensed, concise summary of which one you should get.Unfortunately, info and reviews on NFL 2k2 were quite limited since it doesn't come out until late January. However, 2k1 &amp; 2 were pretty popular on other consoles and 2k2 will definitely have its fan-base. 2k2 for the Xbox definitely parallels Microsoft's NFL Fever. Both of these games are very arcade-based, whereas Madden is simulation-based. For example, Fever and 2k2 would be more concerned with how quick-responding a player is, whereas Madden may take longer because it is calculating accurate movements based around player attributes. Your halfback, who weighs thirty pounds more than your fullback, is going to run much slower than your fullback in a simulation-based game than an arcade-based game, and you may get frustrated when your tight-end can't reach that pass in time. However, on the flipside, your best players will probably rack up unrealistic stats in an arcade-based game. Do you care that your cornerback may get five interceptions in one game?I love sports stats and would find Madden much more realistic.  However, there is definitely something to be said when you can mention NFL Fever in the same sentence as Madden... this is only the first year of NFL Fever.  How will NFL Fever stand up against NFL 2k2 if it is an arcade style football game that you want?  All three games are very good at the &quot;type&quot; of game they offer. But the decision really comes back to you as a gamer.  Which do you want?
3	B00005NZ1M	I think NFL Fever 2002 is just as good as NFL Fever 2003 and I think both of them are still the best.  The only downpart is there isn't anything knew in NFL Fever 2003 (other than the knew team) but that still dosen't mean that 2002 isn't good, on the contrary it is probably the best football game ever.
3	B00005NZ1M	I don't like sports much but this game is extremely fun.I've played football games on Sega,PS1,and PS2 and NFL Fever 2002 ROCKS.I only play because my son enjoys football.An excellent game nonetheless.
3	B00005NZ1M	NFL Fever 2002 combines fast and hard-hitting action with deep season and career modes. Designed exclusively for Xbox, NFL Fever 2002 features stadiums from all 31 NFL teams and enables gamers to participate in up to 25 seasons. Gamers can amass both individual and team trophies and build their own dynasties, season after season. The fast-playing NFL tempo lets gamers explode through the holes and break loose, just like real NFL players.NFL Fever 2002 delivers all the hard-hitting action and in-your-face attitude of the NFL - right to the Xbox! Featuring players and stadiums from all 31 teams, NFL Fever 2002 lets you create your own NFL dynasty as you develop player's skills and abilities, draft, trade, and sign rookies and free agents, retire players and more while playing up to 25 continual seasons. Innovative camera angles keep you in the center of the action and the post-game highlight reel lets you relive those monster hits and big plays over and over again. With cutting edge graphics built from the ground just for the Xbox, you'll feel every bone jarring tackle, and see all the nitty-gritty details - including the facial animations of the players! True, smash-mouth NFL action at its finest - NFL Fever 2002!Great Graphics:* Lighting. Highlighting and shadows move across players' bodies and uniforms. Helmets include reflection of stadium lights and architecture, while dramatic day and night skies and shadows are visible.* Models. Highly detailed player models reflect the size, shape and attitude of real NFL players, including variable accessories such as gloves, wristbands, face masks, taped fingers, QB play sheets, shoes, spats and pads. Players' faces animate and lip-sync for incredibly realistic taunts, celebrations, brutal hits and fatigue.* Movement. Momentum-based motions in the game are captured at game speed with a highly detailed skeleton to provide some of the most bone-crunchingly realistic animation of any electronic football game to date.Great Gameplay:* Pace. Maximize the players' time on the field scoring points and delivering crushing blows.* Player interaction. NFL Fever 2002 delivers some of the most intuitive and responsive game controls available in sports games.Challenging Depth:* Dynasty mode. Gamers can play multiple seasons and unlock Super Bowl championship teams that will become on-field opponents as part of the game players' future schedules.* All-time challenge mode. Players can challenge the greatest Super Bowl teams of all time.* Trophy case. Players can work their way into the Hall of Fame and collect virtual trophies for season and career accomplishments.* Dynamic Player Performance Model (DPPM). Ratings improve as players improve their game characters' skills.
3	B00005NZ1M	This game is the best football game.  It has extremely good graphics.  Every player has a name, it says the player's name, and you cam save expedititon games at the exact time unlike Madden 2002.  This game is a keeper.
3	B00005NZ1M	Lots of Fun in this game.  You can choose your jersey.(Old, or new ones) Choose your stadium and even see the eyes blink on the players.  It is great.  The graphics are extreme.  If you like football, give this a try.
3	B00005NZ1M	i bought NFL Fever because of all the hype, and it was true, this game is awsome! it's easy to play and easy to learn. if you're not used to the XBox controls like me, i'll take you a little bit to learn them, but other than that, this game is awsome. Here are some of my pros and cons about the game.Pros-easy to play-awsome graphics-very detailed graphics, i played the Falcons in 3 Com and on one play, Jamal Anderson was tackled and there was mud on one side of his uniform and you see his jersey is wet. espcially from around the shoulder pads.-detailed fan graphics, you break from the huddle, and you see the crowd doing the wave. it's awsome. awsome details.-realistic game play. by this i mean, well, i have Gameday 2002 and 2001 for Playstation, and the computer runs about 5 times a game. and when he has a guy like Emmitt Smith, the fullback, like Robert Thomas gets like 4 out of 5 carries. but in NFL Fever 2002, they run the ball quiet a bit.-no inflated stats. some reviews here post that stats are greatly inflated, but that isn't true. Gameday for PS1 inflates your stats. you'll be ranked #1 in rushing and #31 in pass defense. but in Fever, like as of now, i'm ranked in the middle of the pack. very real gameplay. awsome.-computer does run quite a bit. again, reviews posted mention that the computer doesn't run the ball, not true. they ran the ball on me quite a bit. i'm in the middle of the pack in rushing defense.-easy to pass. this is good if you need a 1st down or a big play. bad if you're playing against your buddy. this is the only time when the stats could inflate.-great playbook. tons of plays to choose from. 1st and 10, will i go 3 WR, 4, or 5? single back, wing, pro set, motion my slot WR, go to TE, auidible to a shotgun? so many plays, it's awsome.Cons-easy to pass. i played my buddy the other day. 49ers (me) vs. the Packers (my buddy). i beat him, 42-34, and i killed him.in a 20 minute overall ball game, i had the ball for almost 16 minutes!!! i ran for over 100 yards and threw for over 300! my buddy ran for about 10 yards and threw for another 350 or so. it's to easy to pass, which is good and bad. that's the only problem with the game.so you see, the Pros of NFL Fever 2002 outweight the Cons by a huge margin. this is a great football game. what hampers its overall sales is the fact that it is only for XBox. if they opened up Fever to the Game Cube and PS2, i guarantee, it would give NFL 2K3 and Madden a run for it's money.awsome game that i highly recommend.i also recommend buying or renting Fever 2002 before buying 2003. check this one first, you like it, buy 2003. that's what i am going to do.
3	B00005NZ1M	Everyone wants to know &quot;How does NFL Fever 2002 compare to Madden 2002?&quot;  The answer is that Fever compares favorably, but is ultimately a different sort of football game.  If you always thought Madden was &quot;too arcadey&quot; then you might want to steer clear of this one, as it plants itself somewhere between the simulation efforts of Madden and Sega's NFL 2K2, and the kamikaze kinetics of the NFL Blitz series.  Fever is actually a very compelling and fun game once you get over the fact that you aren't playing Madden.Fever easily pulls off the best graphics ever in a console football game.  From the integration of many different intro shots for each play, to the exacting detail which accompanies every hit, jump, and stiff-arm, it is fantastically clear that the developers went the extra mile to really draw you in to the game and create an exciting &amp; colorful world.  The players jabber at one another, celebrate successful offensive achievements, and showboat after a steller defensive effort.  It really does make Madden look fairly pale and colorless as a result.The commentary suffers from some uneven choppiness (&quot;FIVE... yard... reception by... ENGRAM!&quot;) but does give some timely insight in certain situations (&quot;The defense is in a 3-4, a run would be successful here.&quot;)  The much-touted graphics are indeed a step-up from Madden, but are not letter-perfect.  The detailed faces are a very nice addition, but disappoint when Jerome Bettis looks nothing like Jerome Bettis.  He's detailed, but looks nothing like the real guy.  But it sure beats Madden's cheesy Kewpie-Doll faces.The bottom-line really comes down to gameplay, and Fever tends toward &quot;the big play.&quot;  Interceptions are more common than in Madden, big runs, big returns, long gains, freight-train tackles, all of it brings make Fever seem a little over-the-top, and really makes Madden seem slow &amp; pensive in comparison.  Which is why some won't take to this more reactive arcade style of gameplay.  Traditional football playcalling &amp; tactics still apply, but the realism factor is purposefully loosened to create a more no-holds-barred atmosphere designed to ramp up the fun-factor.Honestly, it took me a few times before I was ready to accept this type of football (not to mention getting used to the XBox controller) but once I did, I really started to appreciate the flair and style that Fever brings.  I guess the telling thing is that I tried to go back to Madden and really had to mentally shift gears to prepare for a different sort of football experience.  NFL Fever 2002 is fun, easy to pick up and play, easy to like, great 2-player fun, and a lot deeper than your average console football game.  And they did an admirable job of injecting some life into a stale genre by pushing the fun-factor way up while still retaining the confines of real football.If too many years of Madden is gradually putting you to sleep, get into the Fever and see how much fun a football game can be.
3	B00005NZ1M	a little too easy a little too soon.  I did exceptionally well on higher levels, and if you are somewhat good at Madden 2002, you will be great at Fever.Graphics are jaw dropping, and I'm not really regretfully that I bought Fever - but I like the challenges and gameplay that Madden offers.
3	B00005NZ1M	So far The Madden games are the best football games out their. But just wait until November when NFL Fever 2002 comes out. This game should be very promising. Its graphics and smooth gameplay  should be a definite reason to but this game for any Football fan out there.
3	B00005NZ1Q	I'm back again with a game review on NFL Madden 2002. Everyone that loves sports games has heard of Madden. If you haven't then listen up. Madden has become worse and worse over the year until now. Xbox's NFL Madden 2002 has all of the requirements of an Xbox game. You can still go in Franchise mode, Season, and Exibition. And this one has the game famous Madden Cards with a whole new style. And finally the game has the feature Create-a-Team. They also have the expansion team Houston Texans. In Franchise mode you can have an expansion draft as an off-season activity for your team or the Houston Texans. So check it out. Rated E for Everyone.
3	B00005NZ1Q	Pretty sweet game.  NFL Fever is a little better, but this ones fun too.  The controls are ok I guess.  The graphics are mind-healing.  I love them.  They are like looking at a hott girl in a bikini and then getting to be able to touch her.  2nd best sports game for the greatest box in the world!  5th on my mind for best game
3	B00005NZ1Q	If you want to get in depth with a game, this is it. Great simulation... you won't be able to immediatley join a game and have a chance at beating someone who has played a while... it'll be no competition.
3	B00005NZ1Q	Madden 2002 is a very good football game that falls just a little short of five stars.  I like the game an awful lot and have played a great deal (over 100 games (15 minute quarters of course) so far and will play a lot more) but there are some flaws.  In no particular order...The graphics in Madden are really nothing special.  They aren't terrible and the player animations during the game are nice, but the backdrops are dull and all too often you see players walk right through each other in the after play animations.Not nearly enough work was put into the experience of playing defense.  Madden has a very nice training mode for offensive plays which really carefully explains everything from blocking assignments to reading pass coverage.  There is also a sometimes nifty &quot;Ask Madden&quot; feature in offensive playcalling in which the game will reccomend offensive plays when prompted and even provide some reasoning for the choice but there is no such feature for defense.  You are pretty much on your own when it comes to calling plays on defense beyond the vague reccomendation in the EAsy play mode that you run 4-3 against the run and Nickel or Dime against the pass.  But that doesn't help explain the subtle differences between and 4-3 &quot;Thunder&quot; and a 4-3 &quot;Lightning&quot;.  Which is better against short yardage running plays?  Which is better against play action or screens?  You can get some ideas from looking at the small diagram of the play, but on the whole there is a lot lacking in defensive play calling.It is far too easy to run the football.  Running blindly won't work; but if you pay attention to the way the play is diagramed and follow your blocks, it isn't hard to rush for 250 yards on 20 to 30 carries in every game against the hardest difficulty setting (All Madden) with all the defensive AI settings cranked up as high as they go.  In contrast it is far too hard to pass the ball.  You really must read the defense and go through progressions (just throwing to your primary reciever or throwing to the same reciever over and over will not work) and that's quite fun, but recievers will drop balls way, way too often no matter how softly (or how hard) you throw the ball.  And if your reciever does not have the coverage beat by at least two steps the pass will be tipped or intercepted about half the time as defensive backs controlled by the computer seem to be blessed with superhuman closing speed.Another minor annoyance is the announcing.  Madden and Summerall are clear and conversational, but a lot of their comments are very out of place.  For example, five minutes into the first quarter you get the ball for the first time down a field goal and you run the ball for your first play.  Summerall will announce, shocked &quot;These guys still think they have time to establish the run!&quot;  And Madden, the sage, will respond, &quot;When you're down like this, it's time to put your faith in your quarterback.&quot;  Um, yeah.Finally, it is very hard to play fair, realistic football.  The first three difficulty levels are so easy once you get the basic controls down that it is no trouble at all to win by anywhere from five to ten touchdowns...and that's no fun.  The only level that can challenge you at all is All Madden and it does that by openly cheating.  The opposing defensive line will slice through your pass protection like a battle axe through butter without ever having to blitz, their receivers never drop balls (and, indeed, their defensive line has better hands than your best receiver), the computer's pass protection is near perfect unless you blitz with two extra men.  You will be penalized two or three times as often as the other team (and after about half of your big plays).  I think this could be fixed up some by forcing the computer to play fair (instead of cheating in the most blatant of ways) but then also teaching it how to play against the run a little better so you can't just run them over every game.Despite what it may sound like so far in the review, I really do think Madden 2002 is a fantastic game.  I really like the momentum based physics system and the game does a better job than any other of capturing the *feel* of real football (with the exception of the poor AI run defense).  The game comes with a ton of options in all its formats.  In its franchise mode you can create players, draft players, sign free agents, trade, progress players from poorly rated rookies to top notch stars over a few seasons, etc.  In season mode you can even edit the attribues of existing players (something I found necessary to make some of the players better match their real life counterparts (Mike Vick running slower than most fullbacks was just wrong, for example)).  This is actually a really neat option as it allows you to play the game you're in the mood for.  If you want a real high scorer, go in an jack up both teams offenses.  If you want a real low scorer, go in and pump up the defenses, etc.  There is a robust practice modes (although you can't practice with created or edited teams, which is annoying).  There is also a nice situation mode and a mini-game: the 2 minute drill (go in with any team against any team and see how many points you can score in 2 minutes).  Another nice feature are the Madden Cards.  You can earn challenge points for scoring in the 2 minute drill or for completing &quot;challenges&quot; in a regular game (i.e. throw for 300 yds, etc.) and use these points to buy packs of cheat cards that open up hidden teams and stadiums, boost current players and bring old ones out of retirement, or change other game conditions.In summary, if you like football games, go ahead and get this one.  You'll have a lot of fun with it (especially against friends) but don't expect perfection.  I hope I haven't turned anyone off of the game with some of my rants, but I also hope someone from EA Sports reads this and makes the appropriate adjustments.
3	B00005NZ1Q	Madden 2002 is a solid football game, but there's no hiding from the fact that it wasn't specifically built to take advantage of the Xbox's capabilities. Because of this, I can't shake the feeling that this game isn't all that it could've been. The improvements in graphics are definitely noticable but not on par with what we expect from the Xbox.But the 64 dollar question is which game is the best out of NFL 2K2, Madden 2002 and NFL Fever 2002. Fever and NFL 2K2 are in more direct competition with each other than with Madden 2002. There's an obvious arcade-leaning gameplay mechanic in Fever and 2K2 that Madden just does not have. The EA game requires a play style that's been refined, learned and accepted over the years that can be pretty unforgiving to the uninitiated, but that is its charm. When I look at Madden objectively, which we try to do here, it plays a lot slower than either of the other two games, but I also see that it's intentional. Madden 2002 isn't going to wow you with its speed --even if you're running the ball with Edgerrin James-- because you're supposed to be awed by its authentic blocking and defensive AI.It's NFL substance over style that we've come to expect from Madden games and that's what Madden NFL 2002 gives us.
3	B00005NZ1Q	This is my first Football video game and so far I'm very pleased. I went with Madden due to to EA's reputation for quality in sporting games. The graphics are very good and the game play is very good as well. The commentary though has something to be desired. I'm a fan of Madden on TV but the commentary on 2002 puts you to sleep. The commentary often repeats itself and the tone of voice is dull. Other than that I would recommend the game to any football video game fan.
3	B00005NZ1Q	This was the decision I was faced with after getting my Xbox. I knew I wanted one football game, but I had no clue which one to get. After doing some major research about all three games, this is my condensed, concise summary of which one you should get.Unfortunately, info and reviews on NFL 2k2 were quite limited since it doesn't come out until late January. However, 2k1 &amp; 2 were pretty popular on other consoles and 2k2 will definitely have its fan-base. 2k2 for the Xbox definitely parallels Microsoft's NFL Fever. Both of these games are very arcade-based, whereas Madden is simulation-based. For example, Fever and 2k2 would be more concerned with how quick-responding a player is, whereas Madden may take longer because it is calculating accurate movements based around player attributes. Your halfback, who weighs thirty pounds more than your fullback, is going to run much slower than your fullback in a simulation-based game than an arcade-based game, and you may get frustrated when your tight-end can't reach that pass in time. However, on the flipside, your best players will probably rack up unrealistic stats in an arcade-based game. Do you care that your cornerback may get five interceptions in one game?I would prefer Madden.  The competition is gaining ground but Madden still seems like the champ.  It has been around the longest and has great extras such as momentum meters and enhanced player creation.  I also love sports stats (the game summary at the end) and would find Madden much more realistic.  All three games are very good at the &quot;type&quot; of game they offer.  The decision really comes back to you as a gamer.  Which do you want?
3	B00005NZ1Q	I live in New England, so my football cheering has always been done for the New England Patriots. This means that I've had a lot of experience with the agony of defeat, and a recent thrill of victory. The Madden NFL 2002 lets me relive all of that with amazing graphics and superb gameplay.The XBox version of Madden 2002 is similar to the PS2 version, but they've kicked it up a notch. The graphics are even more stellar - now you get scratched helmets and dirty uniforms. The players are still as sharp on their feet, and the movements of your crew is super smooth. I've had people walk in the room and think a real game was on before they realized it was us playing.Sure, you can complain about the inane chatter of Pat and John. Do you really listen to what they're saying? That's all background noise, like the cheers of the fan and the meaningless &quot;I talked to the coach&quot; reporting that starts each game. It adds to the feeling of the game, but it isn't the game's core.It's funny to see other reviews, because some people say the passing is super easy and the running is hard, while others say that the running game is easy and the passing game is hard. It all comes down to your own particular game style, the teams you choose and how you tend to use the players. Again, that's where the game shines. You can super-customize it to be challenging for you, no matter how you like to play. You really do get drawn into it, feeling like you are out there on the field.The true test is when you watch a real football game after playing this for weeks, and you start to think of the real game as a video game :) When you reach that level, you know you're hooked!
3	B00005NZ1Q	IF YOU LIKE MADDEN ON ANY OTHER SYSTEM YOU WILL LOVE IT ON THESE SYSTEM BECAUSE IT THE SAME THING WITH BETTER GRAPHICS AND NEWER ROSTER
3	B00005NZ1Q	I play them both .I feel Madden has better griphic but the game play is not as good .I felt I could do less in madden than 2k1 for dreamcast .Madden make me feel that you can not change you type of play .or I under stoud 2k1 faster than maden all though I only payed two players on maden .
3	B00005NZ1Q	I see people complaining about how the game looks, that is looks just like the PS2. I own 1 system, so the PS2 does not even come into play with how I look at this game.Depth, replay, and sim like. This is for gamers that like sim sports games, not gamers that are looking for a arcade game. The 3 draw backs that I see with this game are :1.Madden and Summerall , are old, and out dated ( have you listen to them do a real game, they have gotten REALLY bad, just think about how they are in game then ) The voice overs are boring, and like with most games get old real quick.2.Minor draw in problems, only on replays , plays walk through other players.3. No SNOW !  When was the last time a season went by and there was no snow in at least one game ?
3	B00005NZ1Q	First off, let may start off with these words: Madden is a challenging yet fun game. Addictive after getting into a good franchise, there are so many good things about it it'll keep you entertained forever. However, there were a few flaws:The graphics, first off, are excllent. A clean helmet reflects a beautiful shine, a dirty helmet, well... The tackles look extremely realistic, as sometimes you'll get pulled down by the leg, and sometimes you'll get creamed and knocked back a few yards. The sounds of each tackle are awsome and realistic, and sometimes when your on defense, it'll take 2 or 3 people to knock a good running back down...which is quite true in the NFL. The uniforms look very sharp, with shadows, dirty uniforms, and overall smooth figures.The stadiums look great, and it's always cool to hear the game attendance. Yes, they annouce the game attendance (like say 45,875). It changes from time to time, and big games will get big draw outs, small games will get small drawouts. Incredibly realistic.The gameplay is decent, but not great. It's always challenging, and something about it makes it too challenging. In past Madden games, it's been too easy to go to the Super Bowl every year even on the hardest settings. In this game, it's way to hard on even All Pro (Easy, Pro, All Pro, Madden Pro). First off on Gameplay, if the opposing receiver or running back breaks free, he's gone! There is no way too catch up with a receiver even with the tiniest lead. No spead gainer, no sprint button. And on offense, the CPU defenders seem to be blessed with super-human speed, catching up with a person even with a 10 yard cushion.  Your receivers always drop passes, even someone like Isaac Bruce, and is nearly impossible for the player to get a sack. All this on the all pro, I wonder what it's like on Madden... But if your like me, and have been waiting for a challenge in a madden game, this will definantly give you a challenge.Options in this game our incredible; there are so many things to do! Franchise, where u start a Franchise (optional, fantasy draft). Create a coach, salary cap, create a team (with uniforms, logos, stadiums, everything. It's from scratch u start from create a team, and the uniforms u can design!). Season, practice, training, madden cards, exibition, etc... You can create a whole new team, from the uniforms, logo, name (yes the people can pronouce the name just like u me, like say Dallas Sharks), stadium name, capacity of the stadium(a million if u want), the type of stadium (bowl, dome). U can put this team into a season, franchise (10 seasons), or even exibition. U can have a fantasy draft, salary cap, even be the coach of your team. There are so many things to do. You'll never get bored of options in this game, never.Finally, the overall depth. It's fun! The commentary, unfortunantly, hasn't changed since the 1998 version, but it's still decent... The player ratings are pretty good, the whole thing plays pretty well. There's a typical "Person in seat 73B, you have won a lifetime supply of hot dogs" from the comentor, and the players actually react to what happens. They even shake hands and high five at the end of a victory. The coaches get angry on a bad play, clench their fist in satisfaction on a well devised score.  U can really c that Ea put a lot of thought into Madden 2002.Overall, this is an excellent game, but if your not up to a huge challenge, I wouldn't buy it (go for Blitz). But if you want a realistic game, that's fun, has many options, great graphics and brings the atmosphere of the NFL into your house. This is the game for you!
3	B00005NZ1Q	While I have not been a fan of Madden games historically (on playstation &amp; genesis) madden 2002 is the best football game i've ever played.  The graphics are stunning &amp; fluid, surpassing the graphics of any sports game I've ever seen.  It also gives you great gameplay, very accurate player rankings, &amp; VERY in-depth control of the games.  I especially like the free-angent signing &amp; how you have to draft AND sign your draft picks.Admittedly there are some flaws in the game, but most are evident in every football game: namely poor defensive AI and atrocious &amp; repetitive commentary.  Other problems are:1. trading with the computer is rediculous.  After many ill-fated attempts at trading with the computer on franchise mode i decided to see what I could get for trading marshall faulk... a 3rd round draft pick?!2. No customizable playbooks or play creator3. John Maddenstill it is the closest to perfect anyone has gotten for a football game.
3	B00005NZ1Q	The Xbox version is classic Madden. It is still the number one football gaming franchise on any console. While Sega's NFL 2K2 is a very good game, no one will come close to the gameplay of EA's already classic series. The Xbox's tremendous graphic ability is used to provide detailed rendering of players and coaches. The gameplay is virtually the same as the previous console versions, but extra features are added to take advantage of the Xbox controller. This is classic Madden and classic Madden is still the best football gaming experience around.
3	B00005NZ1Q	This was a great game to get in 2002. Dont bother now, get 2003 but only for the better rosters. I guess you could do this in 2002 but you need to update stats and trade players away, ex. Ricky Williams to the dolphins but it might take a while. ALso you can't add players to the Texans. The controls and gameplay is great. The commentary is average but the player models look fantastic with real-life faces that you can make. You could make a moustached-bearded 400 pound guy or a little, bald, 160 pound kicker. Overall- a great port.
3	B00005NZ1R	This is the first NASCAR game I've ever owned and it's excelent. It's perfect for begginers and in depth enough for fans of NASCAR (as I'm both). It's the first console game to have all 43 cars on the track at once which gives you plenty of competition. All the real cars and drivers are there including the second skin for thier secondary car. You can also build your own car which has some cool paint jobs you can fool with.This game has a lot of ways to tweak the difficulty. You can set track lengths, difficulty levels, and many other options to help you learn the ropes of racing.The graphics are excelent and the game loads extremely fast. Cars show real damage as you hit and bash your opponents (or the wall).You can also upgrade your car in career mode. It's nothing too fancy, just general options such as engine, pit crew, braking etc., but it is fun to see the results as you leave your opponents in the dust.
3	B00005NZ1R	I think to really enjoy this game you need to be into NASCAR. I rented this game and found it kind of boreing but I'm not a Nascar fan. As a game itself they did a nice job with the graphics and overall game play. I would rather play a Formula 1 type game with more turns.
3	B00005NZ1R	I decided to rent the game because i am a NASCAR fan and this game is excellent, no hands down. the graphics are right on, you dont finish when you crash, has a deep selection of racers to choose from, and you get cash in career mode to improve cars and you get sponsors.But this game is not perfect any how.  The career mode has a few catches to it, you cant change the settings of 5% race, no caution flags, and minimal damage, so its not a simulated game. you cant change difficulty during career mode because rokkie gets easy, way too easy during year 2, the racing season is only 12 races so thats a bummer, and the Career mode isnt as Deep as i thought it would be, drivers only retire when they finish low in the standings, and the people that replace the people who retired are the racers who dont race all season long and are high in the points race.
3	B00005NZ1R	But be warned, this is NOT a simulation game. If you are looking for an authentic racing simulation look elsewhere. If however, you are looking for a great arcade game that is years ahead of the great Daytona USA games then this is the one for you.It is unfortunate however, that their are few hidden extras in the game. While you do get access to many new and exciting cars and car desings the reality is that you are not going to use them because you will have you own car designed.The career mode is long and deep though it gets monotinous after a few seasons. There are alot of tracks but they are much easier to master since, well, their mostly all ovals.The Bottom line is, if you're looking for a solid arcade racing game then choose this one, if you're looking for a racing sim game, pass on it and await one that is better.
3	B00005NZ1R	I think Nascar Thunder 2002 is super fun and deserves 4.5 stars, but somethings are not included.  Some of those are 1 you can't pick some of the options on career mode and 2 is that you cannot have coms racing when you have 3 or 4 players racing.
3	B00005NZ1R	I don't watch NASCAR every weekend and such. This game is really cool. Play this game today.
3	B00005NZ1R	This game is contagiously fun!  I've never followed NASCAR at all but picked this game up on a whim (boredom and disappointment with THQ's WWF RAW game).Let me tell you, this game really makes me glad I have an Xbox.  The controls are crisp and simple which means that anyone can pick it up and play it immediately.  The Quick Race is a nice function which means you can load up the game and play for 10 minutes and leave.  Seems like most current games involve hours or time and sometimes I just can't devote that during a hectic day...not so with Nascar Thunder 2002.The bread and the butter of the game for me though is the career mode (20 years - 12 races a year).  You can design and build your own car and then improve it through the money you earn through various sponsorships.  The 12 race tracks are not only different looking (I'm assuming based on their real likenesses) but they all handle very differently.  Some races are top speed with tight turns, others weave through awkward patterns, and many are so narrow that passing becomes a serious chore.The computer racer A.I. is also nice.  There's lots of rubbing and smashing and at times you can lose the lead within a second of the finish line - frustrating but fun.If you're a fan of Nascar you probably already own this game.  However, if you're not a fan and are looking for hours of racing fun and excitement then this is the Xbox game for you!
3	B00005NZ1R	After all these years,this is still the best EA Sports nascar game ever made.Doesn't have Craftmen trucks and Nationwide cars(the only drawback),but this game controls better than all the rest of EA Sports nascar game.Hopefully now that EA's liscence has run out with nascar someone else will get back to making games like this and Nascar- Dirt to Daytona updated.
3	B00005NZ1R	i wasn't to much into NASCAR, but i couldn't help it. i bought NASCAR THunder 2002 for my dad, and it's awsome!!! you can choose from over 40+ drivers and it has all the best drivers.all real drivers and all their cars, and some cars have multiple designs.you can create your own car with your own sponsors and also, when you go through career mode, you have a chance to become sponsored by a company like Kleenex. real awsome.also, drivers views are good. you have about 5 views to choose from, including views like hood view and a view where you are the actual driver. real nice.there are at least a dozen or so race tracks to choose from, and during the season you play at all the major tracks, including the Daytona 500. good game, lots of fun, and up to 4 people can play at one time. real awsome!!!
3	B00005NZ1R	Since EA obtained the rights to develop a licensed NASCAR game, they have produced mediocre- and thus tremendously disappointing-efforts. Well, EA has finally got it right. Each race now has 43 cars (a full field for once) and the physics have been greatly improved. A marvelous touch is the Career Mode. You can create your own car, driver, and team. You start basically from scratch and earn sponsorship money for finishing well to afford needed upgrades to your engine, brakes, pit crew, tires, etc. This "GT 3" aspect is truly a much appreciated add-on to what already would have been a great NASCAR sim game. Anyone who enjoys racing games or NASCAR will certainly enjoy this. I am just waiting for the right steering wheel controller to come out to totally complete an already excellent gaming experience.Footnote (added 11/7/02):  While all of the above is true, I have changed my rating to 4 stars.  I didn't think that would do better, but EA has with 2003.  Please see my review for that if you want more info.
3	B00005NZ1S	I bought this game from funcoland thinkin it was going to be great, I was soooooo wrong, it is AWESOME!!!!!!!! It is basically THPS 1 &amp; 2 in one and some extras in there, i mean literally, both in one game, all the levels. I love this game and i will never dis it.
3	B00005NZ1S	Tony Hawks pro skater 2x is a combination of Tony Hawks pro skater 1 and pro skater 2 along with a few new levels. While the graphics might look dated on the original xbox the look better then these games original versions on the n64 and psx kinda makes it look like pro skater 3 in term of graphics but I wouldn't recomend to play games like these for graphics anyway. As for the sound its really great the sound effects fit the game perfectly. The music in the game is ripped straight from the psx version of pro skater 2 which most of it was really good however since it does have the levels from the 1st one as well I was really disapointed not to see any songs from that one. However that can be fixed as long as you have a blank disc laying around you can import that soundtrack or any other song you like since it has custom soundtracks. As for the gameplay if you played the original tony hawks you should know what to expect the games are really fun however if you already own the 1st 2 games and beat them you might just breeze threw this game very fast but if your new to the series you will be challenged. There are also a few new levels that were added to the game for the people that did play threw the originals to death however while there a nice bonus there nowhere near as good as the normal levels the felt like the were levels planed for the original thps2 but were cut out as there not quite up to speed. Anyway if your into these games or new to it this is the tony hawk game to start off with.
3	B00005NZ1S	Ever since the first game was featured as part of a Pizza Hut / PlayStation demo disc in early 1999, I've been completely and utterly in love with the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater line. It's always been such a perfect formula, a flawless mixture of physical sport and mental planning. It's one of those few genres that manages to ascend from a lighthearted distraction to a legitimate, undeniable skill. You'll never see the same two-minute run twice in a game of Tony Hawk; there are just so many possibilities, so many tiny nuances to alter and / or improve upon.Right out of the gates, the first thing that strikes you in 2x is the tremendous leap forward the graphics have taken since the last time you saw the game in motion. As a diehard Dreamcast enthusiast who played through the original Tony Hawk 2 on that platform instead of the standard PSone, I wasn't expecting to be as blown away by the visuals as I was. This looks every bit like a game that was originally planned, designed and formatted for the Xbox. Walls and ramps no longer look like polygons with simple textures wrapped around them. The colors and contours of that familiar wooden ramp look so good, you can almost smell the splintering boards themselves.You're pressed for time every second you spend immersed in the world of Tony Hawk 2x. As the level loads, (considerably faster on the Box than on its older rival) you're given a laundry list of tasks to complete. Once you've finished browsing the checklist itself, the player is asked to press of the &quot;A&quot; button and the infamous two-minute timer begins to tick your life away. Within your first several plays, the clock seems like a ferocious enemy, something you'll never be able to conquer. It's relentless, a brutal learning curve that forces you to improve upon yourself or fail in an ugly mess. The skaters take an eternity to regain their footing after a long fall and several of the level goals, especially the pro and sick scores, seem unreachable. But, as you play deeper and deeper into 2x, the clock slowly and surely reveals the truth; it was on your side all along.As a big fan of the PlayStation's controller, I did have a small bit of difficulty adapting to the Xbox's larger, less D-Pad centered controller. Each skater comes equipped with eight grab, eight grind and eight kick tricks, one for each direction, (including diagonals) and the player cannot afford the luxury of pressing up on an analog stick and watching their on-screen character perform the trick assigned to up+right. So I moved my left thumb down a couple inches to the Box's underdeveloped, cylindrical D-Pad. Where the Sony's pad contains four distinct directions, the Box's various controllers feature a standard D-Pad, sculpted in the middle of a big circle. While this may ease diagonal movement in other games, it's less than ideal for the kind of detailed, precise directional pressing I need here. The A, B, X and Y buttons, too, are more difficult to reach than the PS2 controller, making a quick pressing of the "grind" button more difficult than you'd expect.If you can move past the troubles with the Xbox controller, the gameplay is every bit as much fun as you might remember from the first release, with the exception of a few common, highly annoying bugs. Most glaring is the change in camera sensitivity. One thing I remember well about this game at the time of its first release was the tight, responsive camera that followed your movements like a hawk (no pun intended). This is not the case in THPS2X. The view lags well behind your skater as he turns, jumps and performs tricks. More often than not, you'll be looking at your skater's chest (and the scenery shooting by from right to left behind his back) instead of his side, and the oncoming territory in front of you. If I didn't already know the levels like the back of my hand, I'd have been incredibly annoyed with the number of times this happened, so I can only imagine what it must be like for someone playing the title for the very first time.I was a bit let down by the musical depth of Tony's Xbox debut. Rest assured, all the songs from the original PlayStation release of THPS2 are here in their entirety. However, one of the unlockable features of this Xbox remake is the entire first game of the series, as well as five new levels unique to this version. I would've assumed that Neversoft would have at least incorporated the outstanding soundtrack from the first game here, seeing as how they were including every other aspect of that game. It was not to be, however, perhaps because of licensing issues, and what you're left with in the end is an extremely long game and an extremely short, repetitive soundtrack. The masters behind this title do get brownie points, however, for not only utilizing the system's &quot;custom soundtrack&quot; feature, but for smoothly incorporating it into the game itself. Not only can you quickly and easily listen to the music you've ripped from a collection of personal CDs, but each song fades out after two minutes in the career mode, like all the other songs in the game.When it's all said and done, a few minor gripes do not a bad game make. This wasn't a flawless translation of the incredible original game, but it wasn't a bastardizing of its legacy, either. If you missed out on this one when it was first released on the PSone, I'd advise you grab it while it's still around. Otherwise, I'd say you should steer clear unless the prospect of custom soundtracks interests you enough to repurchase and replay an old title or two.
3	B00005NZ1S	The packaging can be a little deceptive, but this game contains all the levels of Tony Hawk 1 and Tony Hawk 2, plus 5 levels exclusively for the Xbox.  The levels from THPS 1 &amp; 2 have been redone, with better graphics added such as grass (which you have to see cause it's amazing).  Even if you beat those games years ago this is still a fantastic addition to any video game collection because these are games that never get old to play.  Even with the release of Tony Hawk 3, these games have a steadfast value because they have AMAZING gameplay.This is a must have title, and a great value because it is essentially two great games in one.
3	B00005NZ1S	THis game gets to be very fun especially if the people your playing against are pros at the game. The only problem is my game keeps on freezing. IT is not the system because all of my other games work Nfl feaver, Cell Damage, Nhl, Fusion Frenzy, Halo, THPS2x, Amped, project gotham racing, and blood wake. Very strange??????
3	B00005NZ1S	This game is definatelty looking to be greatness. All the level from Tony Hawk 1 and 2 with very revampes graphics.  It also has 5 new levels. Its a shame the some will not buy this because Tony Kawk 3 is coming out close to the same date as it.  This is assured to be one of the best games at launch, if it manages to stay a launch game that is. The graphics are very good, i havnt seen enough pictures to say amazing though. If you like other Tony Hawks than youll love this. Only people that do not like skateboarding games will not like this.  I also hear that the grass flows in real time, which most people like me wont care about, but some people might.  I am very eager to play this and see if it meets my expectations which im sure it will.  I dont know if this is going to be better than Tony Hawk 3 or not, but i know that it has better graphics at least, plus its made by the same people, so they'll make the games equal and not be competing.
3	B00005NZ1S	Skate as the legendary TONY HAWK or choose from a dream team of the best pro skaters.  24 Levels!  5 exclusive new XBOX levels plus all the levels from THPS 1&2!  Enhanced Multiplayer - Up to 8 player system link play or 4 player split screen.  Improved skatepark editor and Create - a - Skater (now including female skaters.)  Incredible graphics and gameplay experience taking advantage of the XBOX video game system.  Skate to tracks from Rage Against The Machine, Naughty By Nature and Powerman 5000.THPS 2X is only on XBOX with slick graphics and faster loading time than the ps2.  Skate 5 new XBOX levels for THPS 2X and all the levels from THPS 1 and THPS 2!  Out trick your friends in the new system link play.  Replay value:  HIGH, Graphics:  The framerate is constant and backrounds draw never occurs.  All of the enviroments also feature retooled textures and enhanced backdrops!  THPS 2X also features custom soundtrack, skate to your own tunes.  "I originally thought this release was overkill, but Activision saved the best for last, and I loved every second of it" - Game Informer magazine.
3	B00005NZ1S	Pro Skater is a skateboarding game like no other, first, chose from 13 pro skaters each with their own tricks, stats and special moves or create your own custom made pro skater. Then have them skate in eight detailed skate parks (several more hidden!). The price of this game is so low (because it is dated), and the graphics are a huge step up from the Playstation and N64 versions, such as very detailed textures and even graffiti looks great. The X-Box version of this game does a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong. This game came out after Tony Hawk 3 had come out, and could have included several upgrades from the superior Tony Hawk 3 game. The makers of the game did not use the X-Box to its full capability, such as having limitless saves for replays, created skaters and created skate parks. There are no custom soundtracks either, which is a huge let down with the X-Box's hard drive able of keeping music on it. The game really needs to be divided into three parts, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 part, that has eight courses to skate on where for each course, there are a number of goals to accomplish for each, such getting high scores by earning points from performing tricks, grinds, and jumps over gaps (like building to building), collecting the letters SKATE, grinding three rails, jumping over fire hydrants and various other things, they vary from level to level. When you complete a goal you get money to gain cash that you can buy new skateboards, upgrades to better your skater and you can also buy bigger tricks.  The second part comes after you complete the Tony Hawk 2 game, then it unlocks a new career, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2X, which consists of five ALL NEW courses exclusively for the X-Box. The levels are a nigh club in London, a construction site in Texas, a skate park in Tampa Bay (the skate park is also in Tony Hawk's Underground), and two fictional areas, the subway and a skatepark with large grinds. There are new goals to do, but you do not get money for completing these goals. These courses are very lack luster and look more like they were rejected from Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1, which brings us to the third part of the game. Once you go through three of the Tony Hawk 2X levels that unlocks the old Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1 levels! You can skate through them pretty quickly, even with the upgraded textures there are no other improvements to the Tony Hawk 1 levels. The game has twenty-four courses in all!
3	B00005NZ1S	This is a solid game and I recomend this and if you like this game expect to like the next ones.  I personally love the game but wished I would have saved my money so I could by 3 and 4 right away.  I think  it is a good game either way.
3	B00005NZ1S	This game is awsome!  It has levels from the first and second Tony Hawk games and 5 levels only on Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2x for Xbox.  Graphics are awsome.  This game is just like NFL Fever 2002, best graphics and better features than Madden 2002.  This game is a MUST if you get Xbox!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005NZ1S	...because it's all you'll want to play!  I just have #1 on the Dreamcast, and when anyone comes over, they're not even interested in anything else except, &quot;Can we play Tony Hawk?&quot;  Now, with 4-player split-screen, we'll each at least get twice as many chances to play!
3	B00005NZ1S	This is a great game if you can find it.  Priced now at some places for less then ten bucks, this is a must-own for all skateboarding/Tony Hawk Loving/video game freaks.  Heres why I think you should buy TH2x, for the XBOX.1) Gameplay: This really is 2 games in 1.  It has the ENTIRE Tony Hawk 2 game in here, with the same challenges and stuff.  Only with a ton of improvements.  The graphics are so much better (get to that later), you can now listen to your own music on the hard disk, you can create a person (more options and...better graphics).  Just about everything is better.  But that's just the beggining.  Once you beat the game, you unlock 2x mode.  What's that?2x mode is basilcy a whole new game, with 5 BRAND *NEW* levels for your XBOX to enjoy.  You can basicly complete different goals, but instead of getting cash, you get tapes (wow, CREATIVE!).  When you get a certain number of tapes, you earn a new park to skateboard in.  And, again, you can listen to your own music, and the graphics kick...toosh!2) Graphics: HUGE improvement.  Example, instead of grass just being a flat surface colored green, it has individual blades of grass, blowing in the wind, getting crushed and loose when you skate over it.  Everything is sharper, more clear and focused.  And, while certain areas didn't really get touched upon, the things that did (example: the snow in The Hangar), are much appreciated.  Excellent job Activision, you realized that the XBOX has more power than the PlayStation!Seriously though, the graphics look a TON better.  Definantly worth the work.  Almost a new game.3) Multiplayer: Basicly everything #2 had, including the same places to skate (plus the new 2x levels), all the same games (Trick Run, Tag, Horse, Free Skate, etc...).  Now with the ability to play with 4 controller, and AGAIN, listen to your own music.Great game, worth your buy if you find it.  Everything that was #2 with the power of XBOX, Personal Soundtracks, and new levels to try.  All for less than 10 bucks in most places.Definantly reccomended.Thx!
3	B00005NZ1S	After getting into music and reading, my hobby of playing video games kind of faded into the shadow of those two things. But recently, I picked up this game used for about 5 dollars because it seemed like a good deal. IM HAPPY I DID! Right after putting this game in, I was sucked into the world of Tony Hawk and skateboarding. I became so addicted to this game I played it non-stop until I had 100 % on all the THPS 2 levels and got all the THPS Tapes from THPS 1 and 2x. Along with the excellent and well-crafted levels of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, you also get the creative and always-fun bonus levels of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2x! Plus, to round out the package, you get the entire THPS 1! Although not as creative or long as THPS 2, these levels never dissapoint in the least, and you still have a blast playing them! Trust me, when you buy this, you will not stop playing this till you have beaten every inch of this game, and then you can do Free Skate for ages and it never gets old! The only things I didn't really like about this game was that the soundtrack was a little lame and the Create-a-Park feature wasn't to comphrehensive and slightly limited! This goes well with Metallica or AC/DC!Highly Recommended! Great deal for the XBOX!
3	B00005NZ1T	The graphics are great, but they do show that they are ported and not developed for the X-Box.  The sound is outstanding, the gameplay is GREAT, and that Mission 14, I could thrown that disk if it had taken me any longer to get through it.  I swear, that thing was impossible.  I still cannot say exactly how I beat it, but I did [...].  What a great game to go along with some of the great games on PC, such as Tie Fighter and X-Wing Alliance.Now, on to Obi-Wan!
3	B00005NZ1T	If you looking for another view of the Episode's I story and also the excitement that brought us the X-wing series this is the game that you looking forThe story is great also the missions, it is a good old school SW videogame.
3	B00005NZ1T	This special edition of Star Wars Starfighter adds some nicely done bells and whistles to the original PS2 release (can't remember when that one came out, maybe a year ago?), including better graphics, tighter gameplay, new levels, etc.  You play as one of three pilots and blast your way in your spaceship to the final confrontation.Everything from the Star Wars world is in the game, in both graphics and sounds.  It's an immersing experience and one you don't want to put down until you are down.  (Warning, though: if you are like me you'll get motion-sick quickly so it's better to take breaks!  Still, the game is worth it.)One thing on my wish list is for the graphics to be even better.  I don't think the game right now takes full advantage of the Xbox's processing power.  That's a pity.
3	B00005NZ1T	I was always a huge Wing Commander fan. I watched as the graphics moved from blocky pixels to slightly less blocky shapes, to ships that you could actually see emblems on. This latest Star Wars space combat is the best I've seen yet!This Special Edition starts with the regular Starfighter title (available on other platforms) and adds in extra levels and tons of multiplayer features!To start with, there are three different characters you play, each in his or her own style of ship. Rhys is a Nabooian cadet with a little quick fighter, with limited torpedoes. Vana is a mercenary - her ship can tag enemies and then blast them. Nym is the alien, and he's got bombs on his, great for blasting capital ships.You take these three different ships on a series of missions, both on planet and in space. You dodge through asteroid belts, zip along narrow canyons, defend bases and blow apart the bases of your enemies. There's tons of fun dogfighting, trying to blow up ships both large and small. The missions make sense, and your wingmen obey commands with reasonable AI.The graphics are beautiful! There are rivers snaking through green valleys. Desolate planets with mining operations. Giant asteroid fields that you have to dodge through. The ships each look and act differently, but are generally similar enough that it's not a huge chore to switch amongst them as you go through missions.Even after you finish the missions, the multi-play is immensely fun. Grab some friends and play one of their various game types they have available. Just wait until broadband comes!
3	B00005NZ1T	Disc looks fine and plays well and thanks for the tin case holder! I don't care what case it is as long as it ships perfectly and it did!
3	B00005NZ1T	Although I cant say this game can top the Rogue Squadron game line, it is still fun.  I would definitly recomend this game to anyone who loves airial star wars games.  I thought it was great.
3	B00005NZ1T	I have an XBOX and have had one since the 15th, I Love HALO, PGR, DOA3, MADDEN.  I was hoping for a little more from LUCAS.  This is a fun game but its does not have all that Lucas could be doing for these games.  This game should have delivered so much more and is in no way a reflection of the XBOXes full potential.  Yes, being a Star Wars Fan, I had to have this game, yet it has been a small let down.  I gave it a four out of five more graphics than playability. It really is about a 3.8/ 5 but I get tired of seeing all the fake reviews prior to this last week when the game came out.  Don't beleive half of what you read on these reviews.  Try this games yourself, rent them first if your resistant.  But overall XBOX is the real thing and I am looking forward to Lucasarts to deliver a true XBOX game in the future.
3	B00005NZ1V	I Loved 4x4 Evo, so naturally i wanted to try version 2.  Finally had an opportunity to purchase an xbox and well this game is darn cheap at costco so what the heck.The game hasn't changed too much from the first version.  Now teams are available which is a nice toucha nd the cars and track list is increased.The same gripe I had about the first game still applies though.  When you purchase an upgrade the computer automatically gets it.  If you are winning races and thus earning money, shouldn't the computer have to do the same?  Essentially, the rule of thumb is only mod your truck to things you need to be a bit more competative, but not to make a monster truck. Once you have everything you'd want in a truck, the computer is sure to beat you.Where this game really shines is in two player mode.  Computer can't cheat this way, and its just you and a buddy beating up a couple of trucks.  Lets face it, its pretty fun to beat up your own SUV and not have to worry about repair bills.The fully open courses also make the game very fun.  In free drive mode, you can practice the courses, and plan for the short cuts which are mandatory if you want to win some races.Definitely worth the price I bought it for...
3	B00005NZ1V	when i bought x box on launch day, i bought two games, halo and 4x4 evo 2.  i bought halo because of the hype, and 4x4 evo 2 because the first game rocked. This game easily surpasses the old game, with many new parts, racing teams, and the addition of the Jeep brand SUVs. There is one key element that makes this game unique- you have a usable winch. the winch really helps out in missions where you are almost to the top of the hill and you just cant seem to get much traction. You then get crosshairs and aim at a tree, and if your winch is good enough to go the distance, you fire and pull yourself up. The addition of teams adds much more depth to the game, as you must try out for them in order to get special parts and cars. This game is just overall greatness, if you like test drive off-road, its time for you to play a real off-road race game, get 4x4 evo 2.
3	B00005NZ1V	Since I bought the XBOX, HALO and Madden 2002 have reigned supreme for me so far.  4X4 EVO2 is a good game, it's fun, and the graphics are ok.  What seems to be lacking is that it's to easy to complete, it didn't take long to join a team and buy the top vehicles.  Also it appears that the game tries to keep the races interesting, because when you fall behind all the other racers will slow down, but if your in first palce they go like bats from hell to pass you.  Also, as a Jeep owner I was pleased to see that they included Jeep this time.
3	B00005NZ1V	Listen, the first review is from a kid that doesn't have the game, and is basing his opinion on a bad review he read in a magazine.This review is from someone who owns the game. It is awesome. If you like racing, or off-roading, get it. It has a career mode similar to GT, and some really fun adventures where you have goals that are all 4x4 related.Ton of fun. Heck with the &quot;real&quot; reviews. This is a game for the people.
3	B00005NZ1W	Don't get me wrong.  I rated this game highly and I stand by my review score.  The game has done many things correctly and being an XBOX launch title, it's amazing that it came out this good.  The graphics are unreal...years ago we dreamed about realism like this.  Everything looks photorealistic with real shadowing!  XBOX power is truly evident here!  The sounds are pretty sparse but get the job done.  The control is so-so...definitely go with the advanced controllers set up to enable lateral movement with the triggers, but beware, this takes some time to get used to!  The missions are fun and diverse, but therein lies the problem.  The game is hard on some levels and if you are unsuccessful in a mission, you start back in the shop screen and are forced to buy or switch to a new plane and then you must backtrack to the mission where you failed.  That's wouldn't be such a big deal, but there are times when you must complete several smaller sub-missions in order to access the main mission area.  The sub-missions are rather boring...take out a plane or two or some ground targets.  Don't take any careless damage in these missions because you need all the hit points you can get for the larger missions.  After a few tries, the game clicks and you begin to progress, but the whole restarting and backtracking aspect does begin to try your patience after a while.  No mulitplayer either, but I really don't care too much about that.I love the game and I'm glad I own it.  However, once you beat the game (if you're skilled enough), the incentive to go back and play the game again isn't high enough because of the repetition involved.
3	B00005NZ1W	For some reason, this game is very hard for me, but I keep coming back for more.  Must be thick in the head.  All arcade action, which is great, flexability in aircraft, another good thing, and arcade graphics.  I have played another version of this on the DC, and never got through it, but was compelled to get it for the X-Box because it was hard on the Dreamcast, but was fun.  Still is.  Not for the &quot;I want an F-16 sim on my X-Box&quot; crowd, if such a crowd exists, but a good competitor to AC4 from PS2.
3	B00005NZ1W	I was looking through screenshots and viewing movies on IGN.com of this game, and it just looks incredible. I'm not much of an airplain/shooter type of guy, but I'm buying this one. Check out the movies and you'll be convinced. ;)
3	B00005NZ1X	... But one thing for sure is this is the best wrestling game I have ever played and I've played just about everyone(INCLUDING ALL THE SMACKDOWNS) This game is quite a good peice of work. You Can assault people on the ramp to the ring and slam them through the announcers table and get lots of other weapons.This game has the most detailed wrestlers I'ver ever seen. I'll admit I did'nt like the fact you had to build up the fans momentum for you to do a special (and for the most part win too) at first but once you get used to it you'll like it. You just have to have skills to do that which apparently some people don't have. Its not hard at all once you get used to it. This is one of the must get games for the XBOX or for any wrestling game for that matter.
3	B00005NZ1X	This game has a great presentation, and looks awesome.  I was in awe of the graphics, the wrestlers look very real and the entrances are great to watch.  The strong point of the game though is being able to create a wrestler, although frustrating at first once you go through it a few times you will find amazing outfits to outfit your wrestler to be with.  The game plays well, but is at times a bit odd and doesn't have a great flow to it.  At first you will struggle with pulling off huge moves, but fear not you will, after time, be pulling huge moves on all the superstars.  The major downfall is the lack of modes of play, no ladder, no cage matches, no royal rumble or create a PPV which is sorely missed.  I would only recommend this game to a true fan of wrestling, its pretty much just something to play until they make another game that improves on this one..which I believe will happen. Otherwise its a must rent and can be lots of fun.  If not a wrestling fan I would say its a good game to rent, but not to own.  You will get tired of the lack of options and the poor gameplay, because if your not a fan you will not understand how it plays and will for sure get pissed off and yell at the screen for awhile.  I know, been there done that.
3	B00005NZ1X	I picked up WWF Raw because I used to love Pro Wrestling on the NES.  I also liked Wrestlemania in the arcade.  But I haven't followed wrestling since I was 12 years old.  So let's just say I'm not partial to any recent wrestling games.The Create-a-Player feature makes this game worthwhile.  I made Edward Scissorhands with the robot skin and cannon hands with the Robert Smith-like face.  My other guy has green hair and a big yellow puppet for a hand that he smacks people around with.  You can set all the lighting for the intro which is lots of fun.  The move configuration is almost like programming with about 20 different situational moves (facing backward, running, groggy, etc).I do find the fact that you have to choose your opponents in non-single player modes annoying.  I'd like to just choose a tag team with a friend and not have to select another 6 players to fill out the bracket.  I also wish you could simulate a match without having to go past the intros and then press start again to get back to the menu and then two more times to get to your next playable match.I think a lot of reviewers didn't quite get the jist of the controls.  Much like previous wrestling games, you have striking attacks to weaken your opponent a bit before you grapple them.  You use X (Blue) to strike, then with A (Red) you grab and then you can body slam, etc.  In order to win the battle of the voltage meter, you have to mix up your moves kinda like Amped or you feed their voltage meter even when you're kicking the stuffing out of them on the ground.  The graphics are amazing...the lighting and character models are very well done.  If you aren't hung up on some previous generation wrestling game and would like a good party game (with 4 controllers, it'd be a riot) give WWF Raw a shot.
3	B00005NZ1X	WWF is a great game for wrestling fans.The graphics are good, but not great lacking some of the textures we see on other games.But the gameplay of this game is great.  Anything is possible, which makes this game great.WWF offers a whole lot, every match avalable, almost every wrestler, and even create-a-wrestler, which is so awesome.But after awhile of playing the game, its starts to get old and boring at times.  This game i'd say whould have to be a rental.  But if you really like wrestling this games for you...
3	B00005NZ1X	WWF Raw has a fantastic wrestling engine which goes a long way towards making this game enjoyable. It looks and feels like you're in control of a WWF match from beginning to end and this is what wrestling games are supposed to give us. I was a huge fan of No Mercy and Wrestlemania 2000 on N64 and this feels like a huge next generation leap forward from those games in terms of gameplay. I'm not sure how Wrestlemania X8 is going to turn out on GameCube, but I know long time Nintendo/wrestling fans would definitely want something like Raw.The lack of a true career mode hurts this game the same way it hurts sports games that merely pay lip service to this feature. I had lofty expectations for the first Xbox wrestling game and I wanted to see complicated, interactive, choose-your-own adventure type story modes. Even though I was being very unrealistic, it's still disappointing that Raw, with this Title Match Mode, does not even attempt any sort of true career/story mode.With that said, Raw does a whole lot more good than bad, and it's still a game that Xbox owners need to pick up if they have even the slightest interest in the WWF. I'm not sure if there's such a thing as casual WWF/Xbox fan but Raw will appeal to them as well with its outstanding WWF realism. The hardcore fans will get plenty of enjoyment out of the difficult AI, the awesome multiplayer modes and the super deep Create-A-Wrestler mode.
3	B00005NZ1X	I am not a wrestling fan, at all. However, a friend talked me into buying the game. With no expecatations, I think this should be fair.The game is a slower game than other fighting games. However, from what I have seen of WWF, it represents itself perfectly. WWF is not Hong-Kong Fooey fighting, it is stage theatrics that have calculated moves to entice ethusiams and support for a particular wrestler.  The graphics are outstanding, and the sounds are great. Personally I have not won a match yet. I have only played about 20, and I certainly am gettting the hang of it.My advice is to understand what you want from a game, then decide if you want RAW. Think of it this way, if you really want a fighting game, get Dead or Alive 3, if you want the thrill and Fantasy of being a member of the WWF, get Raw. It is fun, and mixing it up with a couple of mates over a few pints, will only increase that fun.
3	B00005NZ1X	Theres nothing WRONG wit this game. But there are a couple of flaws. 1. NOT ENOUGH WRESTLERS 2.NOT ENOUGH MATCH TYPES 3.ACTION 2 SLOW 4. STUPID AI 5.THE CAW MODE WRESTLERS LOOK DIFFERENT FROM OTHER WRESTLERS. 6.ONLY 16 SPOTS 4 CAWs event hough XBOX HAS 50000 of free space. thats mainly it, the game has ppretty okay graphic, but sum wrestler like HHH is absolutely ugly. Another thing, the items you can put on your head looko like its glued on and the CAW boots SUX!!!! The game play is alrite, theres no career mode, but the belt is okay...overall is the first XBOX game, of course my expectations was high, but it is still playable.
3	B00005NZ1X	I don't have Raw myself but my friend does. It is very fun and addictive. You get to create characters and customize your entrance, moves, music and more. Raw = fun, simple as that. I would reccomend this game to anyone over ten because the controls give you a headache.
3	B00005NZ1X	WHY RAW IS BETTER THAN SMACKDOWN:JBITHESE ARE COMFIRMED FACT BY THQ1. IT WILL HAVE A LONGER SEASON THEN SMACK DOWN BECAUSE OFF THE XBOX HARD DRIVE.2. TRUE ENTRANCES THEY CAN LAST UP TO 1:303. THE WRESTLERS TALK INSTEAD OF READING THE BLUE BOX ON SMACKDOWN.4. DIFFERENT BACK STAGE DEPENING ON THE DIFFERENT AREANA.5. DIFFERENT COMMENTARY DEPENDING ON THE SHOW.6. WRESTLERS BLEED AND THE BLOOD CAN STAIN THE FLOOR AND IT DOES NOT DISAPPEAR BUT A TH XBOX MASSIVE MEMORY.7.WRESTLER ACTUALLY SWEAT8.Over 40 Matches9.12 Peaple in the ring at one time10.YOU CAN FIGHT IN THE CROWN OF 3D PEAPLE.IF YOU THINK ,WWF SMACKDOWN: JUST BRING IT, IS THE BEST WWF GAMEYOU WRONG. RAW IS WAR IS THE BEST AND IT'S ONLY ON THE XBOX.XBOX+WWF=FUN
3	B00005NZ1X	THQ has done it again.If you buy this game.You'll think you were there sitting in the front row.Graphics were greeeat!!!!!
3	B00005NZ1X	It's a wrestling game.  For the hard-core wrestling enthusiast, this  may lack a little, but for the casual observer, this game rocks.I have had more fun just being amazed at how well the graphics of the game and the Xbox's capabilities have meshed.  This is hours of fun.Sounds, sights, and gameplay are A+.  Enjoy this one.
3	B00005NZ1X	Well...this game isn't bad, but it has some bad qualities that make the game stink sometimes. First off, you can't lay people on tables, and it's hard to actually put people through them either. Being unable to climb ladders really sucks, and, the career mode isn't all that great. Other than thatm the game is pretty ok...I mean, the graphics are awesome(entrances, characters looks, movement), makes it seem real. The create a wrestler feature is ok, but if you were trying to make a female (like I was) there wasn't much "selection" as No Mercy. It is weird for a girl to write a wrestling game review, but I have been a wrestling/wrestling game fan for a while now, and I really like beating my friends up in the game =).If you are a wrestling fan, or action/fighting fan, this game is pretty good, but it if you hate wrestling or anything to do with the "WWF" stay away from this. I would probably recomend this game, being it the best wrestling game graphics out there, but it really isn't as great as everyone is portraying..
3	B00005NZ1X	How can people say this is a bad game?.If I could give this this game a percent it would be 95%. It lost five percent because of:-You can hardly get up without him kicking you down again.-Where are the specialty matches such as Hell in a Cell,Tables?.-There are tables in here and you can put people through them butit's so hard because when you or your opponent run, the table jumps around?-No commentary and 2-D crowdGOODS-Best Entrances in a wrestling I've EVER seen-Awesome create a wrestler-Excellent gameplay with No Mercy style gameplay-Great camera angles-almost looks like your wathing T.V.Fact is this is a good wrestling game and can't wait for RAW 2 coming out Q2 2003!.
3	B00005O0I2	My review of this game doesn't have to be too long as you've probabally already heard how great it is from a million other people;IT'S TRUE!!This is a MUST BUY for PS2!I have to admit how great it was to be so sadistic in this game(how hard did you laugh when you first heard the &quot;squish&quot; sound a pedistrian would make as you zoomed over them in your freshly stolen car?)Great graphics,voice-overs and music!!(love the rave/techno music of Rise FM!)Last but not least,you've gotta love a game that has hookers.....esp. when they're &quot;interactive&quot;.A+++ for this game!!
3	B00005O0I2	grand theft auto is back better than ever.You are a gang member that work for gangs to win money,there are are a variety of weapons like handguns,shotguns,baseball bat,uzi,and rocket launchers.You can steal any car rockstar also added subways,boats,and airplanes to ride.
3	B00005O0I2	I had heard from all my friends who had played this game how much fun it was and i should get it. so i did, this is the most fun game i have ever played in my life. you have a choice of 3 cities to cause as much mayhem as u want, and also fun and violent mission, and good controls make this game a sure hit. its the type of game that when u first put in your system it doesnt leave. if you are thinking of gettin any game this holiday season, this is the one to get.
3	B00005O0I2	This is an incredible game that deserves all the praise any gamer could give it. The city is huge, its an action and role playing game. The AI of the pedestrians is great. The mini games (tax, vigilante, etc) make this game even more unbelieveable. My only complaint is, its darn hard to shoot people. Yeah, you have a &quot;lock on&quot; button in R1, but when they are  4 or 5 gangbangers coming at you, makes it hard. Plus you have to shoot the cops 2 or 3 times for them to die. These are only minor complaints though. THIS GAME ROCKS.
3	B00005O0I2	Would I let my children play GTA3? No. Do I have a problem with an adult, who knows the difference between right and wrong, playing the game? Not at all. Yes, it glorifies violence (yeah, bet they weren't expecting Vice City). Yes, there is prostitution. Yes, it is all about your rise in the criminal underworld. And yes, it is a fun game to play. You can do things in this game you cannot do in real life--indeed, things you wouldn't even think about doing in the real world. It's a great way to pass the time, get your aggressions out, and have some fun. It's a great game.
3	B00005O0I2	I'll just try to make this review nice and short: this is the game I've been dreaming of since I was about 8 years old. You can drive around big cities, get out of your car whenever you want, and shoot anybody at any time, and have cops hot on your trail. Here's my stack on this game:Graphics: 7/10. The graphics are not good. They are very blocky and overall pretty painful to look at until you get used to it. Some effects are good though, such as when cars explode. These graphics were probably considered fairly good in 2003, but now they are just sub-par.Sound: 8.5/10. The sound is awesome. Awesome radio stations, people screaming, great sound of rain hitting the pavement, the guns sound great, everything is pretty good soundwise in this game; just not the best.Control: 8/10. I am a SOCOM player and I like to use the analog sticks at the same time to move, and I like to use R1 to shoot; but that's not the case here. You can move with two analog sticks, but it's not very easy to do, and isn't worth doing anyways. The cars all steer differently and drive differently, which adds to more realism; which is extremely cool, and there are a lot of different cars depending on which island you're on.Fun: 8/10. This is a great game; the best in the series; and I have great fun with it, and this game doesn't seem to get old. Sure there are times when it will make you want to put it down for awhile, but you'll start playing again whenever you want to take your anger out on something.( Note: This game is rated 'M' and is not intended for people under the age of 17. )Even though I'm 14. ;)
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is what set the standards for modern video games. Vice City would be no where near what it is with out GTA3. The missions are very intricate and fun. The city is just like a real city. There are the certain sections that have there own cliques. There's china town, and Hepburn Heights which is the Diablo turf, and so on. It is very easy to aquire cars and money. It is a good idea look through the whole boat yard because there are little garages and cranes that you can make extra money buy stealing certain types of vehicles and selling them to the people. Also keep an eye out for hidden packages and rampage mission that will unlock secrets. So just keep an eye out for little secrets around the whole city because it is easy to make a lot of money. So have fun.....
3	B00005O0I2	The kids love it, what can I say? They want every possible version. This is a good one too. Nuff said.
3	B00005O0I2	Sex, drugs, rock and roll and just plain fun, GTA 3 is not for kids.  You cruise around Liberty City with stolen cars, picking up chicks, and doing jobs for the mob and mafia.A unique feature in GTA 3 is that you can listen to the radio while driving around.  There's about six different stations.  Chatterbox is one of my favorite stations, it never gets old.  The stations do repeat and can be annoying at times.  You could have the radio off.You are an escaped convict looking for work.  But, it's not good honest work....but you could do that if you wanted to.  You get money from doing stunts or completing a mission.  The missions get harder as you go.  These are just some of the missions you do:Pick up a girl Named Misty from the HospitalBe a driver in a getaway car (or van) filled with bank robbersKilling a guy with a bat, and steal his car and get it a new paint job.And so on.  This game is NOT for anyone under 17. It's rated Mature for a good reason.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of the most awesome games that I have ever seen.  I don't recommend this for the little kids, of course, but I got it for my husband the other year, and he absolutely loves it.  I watch him play it almost as if I were watching a movie.  The game has tons of plot, and the absolute best music.  If you want a game with a lot of action, this one is for you.
3	B00005O0I2	The first two Grand Theft Auto games, both done by DMA, were exceedingly some of the greatest games ever to touch popular culture and have gained some press of their own. The games violence and Organized Crime are just the tip of the iceberg many are willing to point an angry finger at. This game is a very fun game that revolutionizes games being made for the Playstation 2, not only does it have lots of missions and other things that will keep you up way past your bedtime, it also offers a free-moving world that is all around you. The game covers from a excellent viewpoint that shows off the player amazingly and also gives you the option of switching the viewpoint to such things as the classic overhead view or &quot;Cinematic&quot; view which is amazing and could put some action movies to shame. The game takes place across three islands which you progress through as you do mission and when all three are open to you, the fun truly begins. There are many more features I could talk about, but, there isn't time. So I would recommend this game with all my heart and I would recommend buying the game if the rumor of it being edited any time soon are true. So buy this game, I can't put it more bluntly.
3	B00005O0I2	The greatest game ever. And it's not just because of the sheer joy of stealing a car and running over the driver, or busting bad guys as a vigilante cop, or having fun with flamethrowers. It's the little things that make the game great. Like the chalk outlines that show up in places where you've recently bagged someone. Or the cadillac with a fully-functioning hyrdrolics system. Or the prostitutes that walk up to your car, get in, and &quot;refill your health&quot; for a price.Don't buy the game if you're an impressionable youth.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of my few gripes.When your out on the streets in my favorite car (the infernus) and ur goin about ur own buisness and get attacked,the cops go right by as if nothing is going on.If you attack back well the cops are gunna moon you to death.Thats my only gripe, now im going to be psycho like all the others.THIS GAME KICKS!!!! GREAT GRAPHICS SOOOO MANY CARS TO GET!!! This doesnt even need the cheats to make it good.You can have enough fun in the first town without doing any missions to make you grieve that you could plays this all the time.I WISH this had multiplayer.But what it lacks it makes up in with choices.You can go onto dump st. and still find all the cars u need. This game the bums arent really bums in my thoughts.I mean could a bum afford 20 Fire Blast Grenades or when u kill them they drop like $200 bucks?Only cheat i always like to have is the improved car handling.Be very careful, this thing is so addictive that if a kid had the time and was allowed the time, he/she would be on it for 2 months rarely going to sleep.After you complete the first 2 cities it gets VERY easy.The ending of this [is] bad though.I kind of kick myself for going to rescue the chick in the last mission and then when your walking with her taking her home shes jabbering nonstop and then saying about her hair gunna cost like 50 bucks to put it back and then you here the gunshot and silence,i wasted 2 days tryen to rescue her and died 9 times for her.Punk teenager.If you dont know them ill put it a few cheats......Health=R2 R2 L1 R1 left down right up left down right up.thats all im putting cause its 1 am and i wanna go to bed. But this game is very confusing at some points like in the beggining, you dunno what the [heck] is going on. Well it is kinda fun somtimes to get in the boat and shoot on the road and have cops coming and falling in the water.A few twitches,overall,very good game!WARNING:NOT INTENDED FOR CHILD'S USE THIS GAME CAN PERSUADE THEM TO WANT TO DO THIS IN THEIR LIVES.SHOULD BE AT LEAST 14 TO PLAY THIS.IF UNDER THIS AGE AND U LET UR CHILD PLAY, ID WORRY ABOUT THEIR FUTURE!!!!
3	B00005O0I2	This game is superb. The only two gripes I have with it are as follows, and please remember, this game has come as close as humanly possible to a perfect PS2 release: 1)Although there are many comments made by pedestrians in the the game that make me feel as though I'm in a big city and hearing regular conversations, the ones I cringe at the most are the Village People lyrics spouted off by the cut-off shorts wearing characters--if you've played the game, I'm sure you've heard more than a few times phrases like, &quot;In the Navy,&quot; or &quot;at the YMCA.&quot; Just annoying, nothing more. 2) I found some cheats for this game online, and regret it. The game becomes rediculously easy if you can easily have all the weapons, health, armor, and most importantly, the ability to reduce your warning indicator to zero--If you have these cheats activated, all missions, except a few, can be accomplished in the first try, and the game becomes a bit dull.Overall, an excellent game. If you want a rundown on more of the atmosphere, there are other wonderfully written reviews here. If you are able to purchase this title, be warned about the cheats. Additionally, do not under any circumstances buy this for young children.
3	B00005O0I2	It is an exciting game for me, but the characters are often the same, boring duplicates, and pretty impersonal. I was hoping that the characters would be more realistic, for example, it would be even more exciting if a character was very physically expressive when talking to another( need physical facial expression like moving the mouth when talking or using facial expression physically when expressing emotions such as anger, happiness, interested, or just bored, etc.) It is not necessarily for the characters to be clones of one another. Face it, in the real world, unless we are twins or triplets, we are in fact, unique as an individual! Other than that, love the car chases, landscape and the sound!
3	B00005O0I2	I appreciate this game and I appreciate the kind reviews for it.  I agree that "Grand Theft Auto 3" (GTA3) is as good as people say it is.  Many people made supportive comments, and I agree with the support, but I want to "take it further."First, moving the franchise from PS1's 2-D gameplay to PS2 with 3-D environments worked magnificently here.  GTA3's greatness makes me wonder why other games that already had experience in creating their 3-D cities weren't quite as good as a game franchise that only just moved to 3-D environments.Personally, I have a lot of fun driving the city in GTA3 creating havoc and hitting on prostitutes, even moreso than the missions which seemed too hard for me and the game's premise of "pizza delivery" missions.  Don't get me wrong, I guess I must be more of a "casual player" than most people.  Since I can only access one fraction of the city without winning the missions which seemed too hard of a commitment for me, I felt the game's too difficult and I could not fully enjoy the cityscape created for this great game, hence my slightly lower rating than five-star.Violence?  Yes, this is an adult game.  I'm glad videogame developers have the guts to produce games with serious ideas.  Also, I'm happy success isn't based on conformity, but instead based on its quality and interest.  I defend games with violence because I defend my rights as a thinker.  I defend the quality of this game because it takes violence seriously.  I defend games about violence because I think the only way to address violence is by talking about it, and in videogames with a combination of visuals and interactivity.Maybe the success of Nintendo games was partly based on the idea parents felt Nintendos never offended their senses for controlling their children.  I point out, Nintendo was more worried about their marketing scheme than the discussion of serious topics.  In a successful industry full of plush-doll characters, moving away to serious themes like violence has meant fighting off the reputation Nintendo gave videogames.  However, some people still yell about violence and children.  They are partly justified and I'm not telling them they can't yell, but I want to appeal to their better senses.When people yell about videogame violence, they do not help their children; they hurt the thinkers.  Parents know they can't eliminate world violence.  Its existence means there is a videogame audience that wants to receive these products.  But, to object to violence in videogames is like objecting to free thinking.  If we are talking about children, parents have always been granted the power of responsibility for theirs.  To get angry at videogames won't stop violence.  However, addressing violence could help.Society needs to stay aware of the cause and effect of violence, and one safe way to examine it is with videogame violence because they are interactive and visual.  If one wants to object to videogame violence, I suggest writing a review like everybody else deeming the quality of the game.  It makes no sense to sit back from afar and complain at people exploring virtual environments, because one can't be so sure they don't actually help.Deciding for me what I can and cannot watch based on another's moral system is outright arrogant presumption and rude.  For those who still persist, I argue.  If one asks me about violence and role models, what about the President Of the United States?  Is President Bush not a role model to a commitment for war and violence?  How is a child supposed to see the ends of the means of war even when the parent agrees with his curious reasons?  Maybe one hopes their children will never learn the truth about the world, and I understand this; but, it isn't the way to judge all videogames or other people.I ask people to consider their freedom before passing judgement and to warn that the table of freedom is a round table that says, "When the discussions of violence become more important than the discussions of freedom, the acts of violence become more important than the acts of freedom."
3	B00005O0I2	By now, every serious gamer has heard of "Grand Theft Auto III", the game that has put the PS2 the system on everyone's wish list. The third game in the legendary cult series, "GTA3" surpasses the first two games by a long shot because of a combination of beautiful graphical presentation, excellent audio usage, and award-winning gameplay elements. To say that "Grand Theft Auto III" is the game of the year is an understatement; it's the best game for the Playstation2 and probably the best game on any system.First of all, something must be made clear: "Grand Theft Auto III" is a mature game that earns its rating. While other games merely wear the M-Rating mark because they met the minimum requirements, "GTA3" earns the rating many times over. However, it's not matue in the sense that it uses intentional and unnecessary shock factor like the horrible "State of Emergency"; it's mature in that it represents a part of life, the criminal underworld, that is realistic, haunting and frightening. So parents who allow their kids to play mature games seriously need to look at this game before giving the go-ahead.The story of "GTA3" is pretty simple: you are a nameless guy who was robbing a bank with your girlfriend when she doublecrossed you and popped you, leading to your arrest and conviction. But fate is kind to you when you manage to escape capture through a strange turn of events that brings you under the wing of the local mafia, where you become their lackey. But the story doesn't end there, as you'll have to change alliances and move between three different islands so you can get your paychecks and stay alive. But if this sounds generic, it isn't, because "Grand Theft Auto III" goes far beyond the storyline in terms of gameplay.A gamer can play "GTA3" in one of two ways: he can stick to the missions and complete them one after another, or he can fool around in the place that is Libery City. Regarding the missions, they require the player to accomplish tasks given by different characters in the game, tasks such as sabotage, assassination, mindless destruction, and even grand theft auto (go figure!). Completing a task gives the player a reward; failure requires the player to restart the mission from scratch. But while the missions are fun, they are nothing compared to what a player can do in between missions!"Grand Theft Auto" gives players what many have thought impossible: a massive world to run around and do whatever the hell you want. Want to become a rampant killer on the streets? Do it. Want to hijack cars and drive them around until they explode? Go for it. Want to give back to society by driving a firetruck or ambulance or police car? You can do it! How about get the national guard to chase you because you've been such a bad boy? Why not? Of course, there are limits to what you can do (you can't enter buildings, for example), but considering how much freedom is offered in the game, a player won't even notice these slight "limitations." The ability to do whatever you want can be just as fun as doing the game's missions, maybe even more so. This gives the game enormous replay value; gamers will play this game simply to roam around and just have fun.Graphically, the game is one of the better-looking PS2 games. It doesn't beat games like "Final Fantasy X" or "Metal Gear Solid 2", but the graphics are beautiful, nevertheless. The characters are detailed enough to see characters' faces from afar, and minute details like dented cars and tire marks on the road are a marvel to look at. Of course, with the PS2's limited RAM, there can be some cases when the player moves too fast for the graphics to load in several areas, but this doesn't really hamper gameplay in the least. And the load times between the three islands are kept to a minimum.Soundwise, the game is at the top of its game. There is no overhead music heard while on foot, but get into a car and you can hear about half a dozen radio stations, each featuring unique songs and laugh-out-loud statements and commercials. It'll be a while before a gamer hears anything repeated on the radio. And sounds like gunshots, engine sounds, crashes, and bodies being driven over are top notch.All in all, "Grand Theft Auto III" is an absolute gem to play and is one of the biggest investments a gamer can possibly make. To make things even better, everything I've mentioned doesn't even scratch the surface of what the game offers. There is so much to do that it'll keep a gamer occupied long after he's completed the missions of the game.Again, this game definately lives up to its mature rating, so parents have to pay attention to this game. But with that said, "Grand Theft Auto III" will rarely disappoint. And while the game is going to the PC, there will be no Xbox port, as the rumors suggest. Sony has signed a deal wih Take-Two Interactive to keep the Grand Theft Auto series exclusive to the PS2 for three years, so don't count on any future GTA games going to any other console either.To all mature PS2 owners, not being interested in this game is a sin; go get it!
3	B00005O0I2	This is the first game in the GTA series that Ive played,and I heard some bad things about it, but also some excellent things. Personally, I don't see why so many people think thiis game is bad, sure the language is bad, and the game is volent, but it's nothing you won't see in a PG-13 rated movie. The game itself is very very fun.  It combines elements of Crazy Taxi with elements of Fighting Force, and includes tons of missions and codes. If you are a fan of Crazy Taxi or Fifghting Force you have to play this. Actually, if your a fan of Video games you have to play it.
3	B00005O0I2	this game is awesome. when i get it i am gonna play it and have so much fun on it!! ;)
3	B00005O0I2	What a great game!  Playing on GTA on the PC was fun, but now they have GTA 3 for PS2!  If you've played this game on the PC, you'll have no trouble controlling this game.  GTA 3 provides hours of fun!  The game and its dialogue is for an adult audience and definitely isn't for kids.  Every facet of the game is outstanding, the graphics, control, sound and endless replay value. This is one game that you will be playing for quite awhile.
3	B00005O0I2	This has got to be one of the most involving games ever.  It is similar to the original games, but with so much more.  Graphics:  They are top-notch.  The city is huge.  I haven't even gotten to the other 2/3 city, but already this game is huge.  It's as if you have been dropped into the Matrix (Goodfellas style).  There are so many things you can do in this game, it's explosive.  You can play the game through and do the jobs, but if you get tired of that you can do your own thing.  There are also other side challenges (and get paid) you can do, like:  Put out fires in a fire truck, become a cop and take out criminals, be a taxi driver and pick people up and drive them to where they want to go, be a paramedic and take people to the hospital or you can just beat or kill people and take their money.  I've been playing this game for 2 days now and I am still looking around at all the sightes.  I have found other challenges, like off road checkpoint trekking, finding packages....and the interaction with people is cool!Of course this game isn't for the young.  Language, sexual content and the over all premous of beating, fighting and killing people is in the game (even cops) and stealing cars.  Of course if you beat someone up a paramedic crew comes and revives them, funny stuff.  If you block a car or come across a cop, you flick them off.  If a car explodes (by either rolling it, shooting it up, or crashing it a lot) then a bunch of people gather to witness the problem.There is a lot going on the street as well.  Hookers getting picked up, people getting mugged, planes in the distance, the subway and el-train going (and you can ride the El and the subway).All and all, this game is an experience not to missed. If you miss the old view of Grand Theft Auto games, you can change it to the over head look like the others. I hope more games are like this in the future.There are some flaws with controls and camera angles, but you get used to them after awhile.  Sometimes the levels seem a little too hard to finish, but don't seem impossible.But the best aspect of the game is the freedom to do and go where you want.  This, to me, is baby steps toward what games should be.Someday, games will be fully interactive with speech, going into all buildings and houses, picking up and interacting with everything in the game..etc.....this is the best game that let's you know what a it's like to be in a gangster movie.
3	B00005O0I2	Hookers, UZI's, MAFIA, Eminem trash talkMix and what do you got- GTA 3.First of all this game is a great game in its own sort of way.I bought this game a little bit after it came out, just to see if it was as great as everybody said it was. I WASN'T DISSAPPOINTED. The game is great. The realism makes you wonder. But there ain't nothing like hearing an old lady cuss at you when you throw her out of her own... car. I mean to be honest I didn't buy this for the highly controversial bonus side, but instead for the amazingly fun missions that I experienced in GTA and GTA2. But in 3d. I mean I buy games just for their story. I must say though don't let younger gamers get a hold of this. I am a teenager gamer. But even though I won't play this in front of my mom, this game is a must-buy. It has my brother, younger sister, and even Dad hooked on it, just like Hooked On Phonics. If you want to just play the game you don't have to experience the negativity. For example, all my Dad does is drive the tank around and go on police chases. So, the game is only bad if you want it to be bad. But this game is great. I beat all the missions at 38percent. But I still come back for more. Do a 100 taxi missions, you get a new taxi. Find all the hidden packages you get weapons at garage for every ten. So, you can always play it for more. To wrap it up the game is for the mature at heart. Not the young kids who play it just for the abrasive trash-talk.Not for the older people who have difficulty with the missions. This comment is not bias or anything like that. But all the older that I've talked to say the missions are difficult. The hardest mission I did was stealing nice cars and driving them across town in 5:00 minutes without a scratch on them. I would just recommend playing the game before you buy it. So, you know that its for you.
3	B00005O0I2	What can I possibly say about this game that hasn't been said so many times already?  This seems to be on so many people's list as one of their favorite games of the year, and after getting it I understand.  I am not sure if even reading the reviews can prepare you for what is Grand Theft Auto 3.  But I will try and give you my feelings and opinions towards the game.The game is incredible!  The sheer magnitude of the game is almost over-whelming.  The game consists of three different islands on which you unleash all heck.  Your character is a thug, plain and simple.  At the beginning of the game you escape from a police wagon (with some help of course), and after that you meet people who need some jobs done for them.  The variety of the missions will keep you guessing and wanting to see what the next mission could be.  It could be something as simple as picking someone up and taking them somewhere, or it could be as complex as helping someone to blow up a tanker.  There is just so much variety in the jobs that you do.  The variety of automobiles is also quite impressive.  You can yank someone out of any car you want.  The car's handle as you would expect them to handle.  For example, a SUV can drive off-road just fine, but cannot take a corner at high speed without lifting up on one side.  And just testing out all the vehicles you find is part of the fun.  You can see which vehicle best suites you.  Personally I like the fast cars that can take a turn.I am not sure if there is any game I can think of that can prepare you for GTA3.  It's one of a kind, at least for now.  There is just so much you can do in this game.  Listen to different radio stations in you car, pick up ladies (the kind you have to pay), jump over buildings, ride the monorail, equip your car with a bomb, get chased by the police, and I could keep going on.  There really is just so much to do.This game however is not for the young.  It comes with a "M" rating for good reason.  There is an ultra amount of violence, and bad language please keep this game away from the kiddies.  But for those of you that are old enough to play, I strongly suggest giving this game a chance.  Again, I probably didn't really state much that wasn't already stated by others, I am just another one that strongly recommends this game.
3	B00005O0I2	In Grand Theft Auto, you play a hoodlum who rises through the ranks of crime by taking on small jobs for local gangsters. Missions range from escorting a limo full of mafioso's and repainting a stolen car to shadowing a traitor and driving a car-bomb to the front door of an enemy. This is all played in third-person perspective.The truly great part of GTA3 is that the gaming world you play in offers tons of freedom. The city you play in is huge, and offers up virtually miles of ground to cover. You don't even have to play a mission! You can simply hop in a car (carjacking is the main way of moving around in this game) and take off. Run over people. Crash into other cars. Take a dive at full speed off a pier. And it just begins from there.This game is mature rated and for a good reason. The violence is messy, the language rough and there's even references to adult situations. Not a game for kids, but hilarious fun for adults.
3	B00005O0I2	"Grand Theft Auto" even suprised me with the amount of violence, considering that I grew up in the 1980's, where violent horror and mob movies were all the rage. But having said that, I was not shocked or offended. Let's face it, there are many movies and books that are far worse than this game.What I liked about GTA3 is the free-roaming ability. You can go anywhere, interact with anybody (or rather kill anybody), and complete missions for money. The missions are similar in style to "Driver", and the earlier GTA games. There are cinematic scenes between missions, and you can appreciate the full range of vioce acting, which sounds like an episode of "The Sopranos" (actor Joe Pantoliano plays the voice of crime boss Luigi, who givesyou jobs). Everything that represents the decay of society, from youth gangs to hookers, to pimps and crime families are in GTA3. Considering what you probably know from the earlier games, and the hype surrounding this one, this is not suprising.The graphics are nicely done, with the intricate detailing of the cities, the various facial movements of the characters, and the overall look of the game. The music and sound is where this game really shines. Unlike "Driver", where the music is in the background, you have the radio blasting as you are cruising down the street, and the voices of the people are shockingly life-like. I seriously recommend hooking your PS2 up to a stereo, as this is the only way to appreciate the sound. The control is also excellent, and easy to grasp from the first time playing.But all the warnings you read are true. This is NOT a game for kids, I would even hesitate to say teenagers. The blood aside, the carnage, and the malicious killing of innocent people and police officers that is depicted in this game are not things you would want your kids exposed to. The "M" rating is there for a reason, keep it in mind when you are buying the game. Sadly, it is always the game you will not allow that your kids will want the most, so use good judgement when checking out this title in particular.The violence and carnage didn't offend me at all, so I can appreciate more of the story and excitement, which involves a lot of violence. It is what I like, mission-based action. I think the hype is well deserved.
3	B00005O0I2	This game to me is like the best games for ps2. It has goodgraphics and soundeffects. I can pay this game all day and I hope they mak a new grandtheft auto.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is truely the man among boys. No game comes close to the number of hours you can waste just running around doing nothing but causing trouble and reeking havoc on poor bystanders. Truely a masterpiece that should owned by all. Let me put it this way, if I lost my copy, I would willing pay another fifty bucks to get it back...
3	B00005O0I2	There are games you rent and there are games you buy, as many avid gamers well know, this is one you buy.  The first GTA was somewhat fun.  The controls were a little difficult to adjust too and the graphics were far from stellar.  It did bring a lot to the gaming world, though.  First off, it was the first game of it's kind that had swearing and the totally unPC gameplay sort of helped the replay value.  It also had some pretty decent music.Now, with GT3, we get what the first game should have been and so much more.  This has everything a good game should have.  You can do virtually ANYTHING in this game and there is enough replay to keep you busy for months.  As an unnamed criminal, working your way up in the crime world, you will be given jobs (whether you choose to do them or not) and when you don't feel like taking missions, you can roam the neverending city of Libertyville on foot or you can nab ANY car that comes your way.You can also pull random beatings on old ladies, thugs, pimps, and you can even beat the hell out of a prostitute.  How many games allow this?  Want a shotgun? How bout a pistol? No Problem, just grab yourself a cop car(...).  Just be careful.  This stunt can easily get you arrested, so it takes a bit of careful planning.One of my favorite things to do is to get myself arrested on purpose, (you're automatically released from the police station) grab a parked cop car from the parking lot then [take off] down a street, slamming right into another cop.  Then, when he gets out, run him over.  This can go on forever.  Eventually more backup will be [after you], as well as the SWAT team, choppers, and the Army.  Finding narrow escapes and other cars just add to the fun.If anything, this is the best party game EVER (if you play games at parties) it's a blast to play this with a group of your buddies.  There are a ton of laughs to be had here.  If, for some reason, you're standing in the street and a car honks at you, you can flip them the bird, THEN steal their car.  If they have a problem, you can whip out the shotgun and blow them a new one.  Or, just back over them.  It's a hoot.Seriously folks, the variety of gameplay goes on forever and the graphics are pretty incredible.  There is a tiny problem with pop-up every so often but you'll be having to much fun for it to bother you.  Kudos to Rockstar for being gutsy enough to release this one.  It's a real treat.Like "Devil May Cry" this is another reason to own a PS2.  So if you're still having trouble deciding on which system, look no further.  This game rocks.  This is the Reservoir Dogs of video games.  plain and simple.
3	B00005O0I2	Real quick -This game will constantly show you why it has a mature rating.This game is not for little kids and they should not even be in the room.This game is great!Good story - keep you interested. Good grafics - feels real. Great controls - different types of cars drive and feel the way they should. Good characters - funny extra people on the street and good cut away movies to keep the story going.But the best part of the game is when you just stray from the story and do whatever you want. Be a Taxi driver. Be a Ambulance Drive. Put out fires in a fire truck. And then the hardest and best part - steal a cop car and hurt down other criminals. you have to do that part of the game
3	B00005O0I2	I hate to admit it but I wasn't much a Grand Theft Auto fan when it was on the PSone. I think alot of it had to do with the way in which the game was played. Yet, now that it is in 3-D, I'm all over this game. There's so much to do in this game like earning money driving a taxi, saving lives with the paramedics, or doing jobs for the local crime families...and that is just the tip of the iceburg. Grand Theft Auto III redefines the way a game like ought to be played and it shows. When it gets to the point where everybody wants to play this game...you know there is something special about it. With over 70 missions amongst other things to complete, you'll definitely be playing this game for a while. It definitely lives up to the hype it has been given, trust me. With the exception of the Driver series, I've never really been a fan of Mission-based Driving games. But, GTA III changed all that. Now- I can't get enough of them. Do yourself a favor and check out GTA III. You'll have an absolute blast with this one. There's absolutely nothing dull and boring about this one.
3	B00005O0I2	this game is a suberb game. It is very opened ended and fun. You are guy and you are in a extremely interactatable city. You can become a paramedic, crimanil, fireman, cop, gangster the possibilities are endless. It allows you to enter any car on the map. It is extremely fun and addictive. Get for kids they'll adore it. I know a 11 year old he has this game and him and second grade brother love it. Parents high addictability though makes this game a privilage. About the content it's nothing they haven't seen or played before in movies or video games. There are some PG rated shows with more content. Infact if you are caught in a violent situation the best way to get out isn't to go on killing rampage. It is eather to let yourself get arrested or run. You'll never get tired of this it is very fun and interactable.Pros: Very funVery interactableCombines walking around driving and even flying and boatingGood for all agesVery unlinearEndless possibilitiesVery hard to get tired ofHas optiontional missionsDecent GraphicsCons: Controls could be better
3	B00005O0I2	When I was little I fantasized about a computer game where you could do anything... beat up people, steal things, explore.  Instead I was stuck Playing Zork (and getting lost in the maze).Well, this is that game. It is so amazing ... the little nuances.  And for all you PMRC freaks out there -- IT IS A GAME.  We know you are not supposed to steal cars or shoot hookers in real life, but for the love of Pete ... it is a computer game!!!Go out and get it, and get ready for Vice City!!
3	B00005O0I2	I HATE those whiney people who blame really, really sweet games like GTA 3 for the 'downfall of society' or 'America's problems&quot;Here's one for you- 'bad parenting'!This game has an M rating for a good reason. It deals with mature subject matter intended for mature gamers who know that doing most of the things from the game in the real world is a no-no.So it's not Rockstar's fault when mommy and daddy ignore the ESRB rating and buy the game for their 10 year old kid and are offended.That being said, this game is one of the best I've played in a while. Being able to run around in a truely big, very interactive virtual city doing whatever I wanted was a real kick. The missions you are sent on vary. Some are stupid, while others require a bit of thought to finish.The graphics are pretty good for a console (but the PC version is going to look better!), and the same goes for the sound.So, if you can stand this kind mindless entertainmet (and are LEGAL) buy this game!
3	B00005O0I2	It is so refreshing to plow through this game's endlessly open environment.  It is equally pleasurable to play a game that unfolds with all the tongue-in-cheek seediness of a revisionist gangster film like Grand Theft Auto 3.  Bloody (bloodier with the codes) good fun.  I'm still overjoyed that companies like Rock Star (the blokes who made this classic) are starting to make video games for adults that A)don't insult the intellect, and B)aren't concerned in the least with pleasing the parents of a damned six-year-old boy.  I would have to rank this as the second-best game I have ever played, behind only Perfect Dark (which is showing its years).  I do think the gunfights are poorly designed, but the racing engine is balls-out.  The graphics are above-average PS2 quality, but if you are looking for visuals, check out GT3:A-Spec.  I guarantee you, after the Metal Gear 2 hype dies down you will come back to this 50-hour + game for many a slaughter.  I'm not a violent man, but God this is a great catharsis after rush hour traffic.  Death to the unbelievers!
3	B00005O0I2	This game is nuts, absolutely nuts!  I love it!  I wasn't the biggest fan of the earilier titles in this series, but this is something else, let me tell ya!  The 3 city sections are absolutely huge!  You'll get to the point where you know the streets as well as those of your own hometown.  Plenty to do, plenty.  The only complaint I have is that you cannot enter any of the buildings. They could have created a few generic convienence store interiors or something.  It'd be great to be able to hold up a 7-11 or a liquor store or something.  Other than that, hours upon hours of fun.  Get out there and buy this now, assuming you're of age that is.
3	B00005O0I2	The game is just amazing!  The graphics aren't the best in the world but the gameplay is just perfect.  The missions are sweet and (the best part) evil and the cops are really hard to beat.  The lines and voices are funny and the radio stations are great.  ANYONE, (even me who doesn't like gory games) will love this game...
3	B00005O0I2	(Warning to all Parents and Squeamish Game Players: Grand Theft Auto 3 contains EXTREMELY profane, sexual, violent, indecent, gory, and immensely amoral subjects.Be Warned Grand Theft Auto 3 SHOULD NOT BE PLAYED by ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 or by Anybody easily offended by anything morally controversial. You've Been Warned!!)Let's begin by saying DMA Designs and Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto 3 is irrefutably the most maturated video game ever released on a video game console as of yet. In this markedly distressing nevertheless infinitely engaging tale of self-serving criminal vengeance, irresistibly intoxicating mayhem, comically tinted mass violence, astoundingly appealing depravity, and colorfully frank sexuality, you play an ex-con delinquent, living in the criminally afflicted and militantly run metropolis of Liberty City, who has recently has been betrayed by his former girlfriend in a high-profile bank robbery. After being found unanimously guilty by a jury, this incarcerated hoodlum becomes inadvertently liberated by a gruesome surprise jailbreak, spectacularly near identical to that of a modern film, which leaves our &quot;hero&quot; absolute free reign to sow his primal oats in typical Grand Theft Auto fashion.Utterly free to unconditionally do anything his little thieving heart desires, your character has the exceptional versatility to solicit for immeasurably titillating criminal assignments from a vast array of mob bosses to progress further up the illegal ladder of success, steal infinite numbers of cars, trucks, and emergency vehicles (70 vehicles in all including: police cars, S.W.A.T. Trucks, Emergency Medical Vehicles (EMS), Fire Trucks, F.B.I. cars, and Military Tanks) for all his practical immoral needs, purchase and discover all types of wholesome tools of mass destruction and serial homicide including: pistols, Uzi's, M-16's, Flamethrowers, remote-control cars, Grenades, Molotov Cocktails, Sniper Rifles, and the inestimably gratifying baseball bat, mug to your hearts content, play an implausible number of mini-games (Taxi missions, Fire-fighter missions, Police Vigilante missions, Ambulance missions), and even call out for prostitutes. This game embarks upon an exclusively innovative and ingeniously diversified pinnacle of video game interactive-ness and adaptability that will virtually stupefy all who play it and absorb it's players into the refreshing exuberance of it's fiendishly addictive gameplay and massively varied options.In this expansive grandly phenomenal visual 3D conversion from GTA's generally graphically lackluster 2D origins, Grand Theft Auto 3 also currently represents the unquestionably finest polygonal work yet seen on the Playstation 2 console (until most likely Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty). Besides it's explicitly lifelike characters, superbly authentic looking automobiles, and thoroughly impressive frame-rate, GTA3's sound system in particular is liberally fantastic for it's exceptionally vast radio selections. Like it's previous incarnations, GTA3 has a radio system where you can listen to music in about every vehicle in the game. However, GTA3 amplifies this option by allowing you to choose between seven or so different radio stations each with it's own particular musical genre, commercial advertisements, and a viable host. Choosing among Classical, Reggae, Talk Radio (My Favorite), Pop, Techno, and others, GTA3's radio archives (about 5 hours worth) contributes incalculably to the game's hugely expansive appeal in even more unforeseen ways.Grand Theft Auto 3 is an extraordinarily magnificent cinematic video gaming experience that despite it's ethically controversial content symbolizes everything categorically glorious and superlatively outstanding about the video game forum.Not to be missed for ALL the tea in China. A Must-Buy for any fan of Adult Gaming.
3	B00005O0I2	As you can probably tell from the previous reviews, this game is awsome! You take the role of a criminal, and you must do jobs for various gang members, or you can take the role of a taxi driver, policeman, firefighter. Maybye you want to take out all of your stress on the thousands of &quot;New Yorkers&quot; roming the streets. So basicly this game introduces you into a real virtual world, where you are free to roam around, and do what you please. One thing I would point out is that if you plan on purchasing this game for a younger child, I would highley recomend not doing it. This game features blood, swearing, and mature comments.
3	B00005O0I2	PlayStation 2 consoles have been around on the market for a few years now, but I only purchased one for Christmas 2002 - simply because I was waiting for the price to drop, and I had other things to buy. The console came with five other games...one was Grand Theft Auto 3. Let me just say that I haven't even opened the four other games; GTA3 rules over them ALL! Not since Tomb Raider has there been such a superb and grossly addictive computer game, and that's a big problem for me at the moment. With my GCSE's coming up in May/June of this year, I HAVE to stop playing this and start revising! I think I should just get my mum to lock it away until after my exams, then I can carry on playing this brilliant game...I haven't played the previous games in the Grand Theft Auto experience but from what I've heard, GTA3 is similar to earlier versions. The fictional city of Liberty City is one of the most dangerous places to live in America. The designers of the game are actually British which gives the game a more witty and sarcastic outlook on American life. In the game, you can do just about anything you want to. The graphics are simply mind-blowing - weather effects can go from clear and sunny, to foggy and rainy. The detail gone into all the vehicles is stunning, as is the surrounding, overall feel of the city in which you are situated. The sound effects are also worthy of high praise. As you walk the streets, you'll pass other citizens going about their daily lives. They get into fights and follow you around. They're always shouting at each other, too. Some of the best phrases you'll hear from the public are, "Young man!" and, "You can sail the seven seas!" The quotes from the many prostitutes that roam the streets are hilarious too.Perhaps one of the most enjoyable factors of the listening experience on Grand Theft Auto is the range of nine radio stations to program on your radio in the car you have stolen - with the exception of cop cars, fire trucks and ambulance vans. They consist of Double Cleff FM, Lips FM, Chatterbox FM and the best - FlashBack FM! This superb radio station features "All the songs you were tired of 20 years ago!" and is "For people who just...can't let go." The songs are not really my style, but the commentary from female DJ Toni is hilarious, especially after "She's On Fire" finishes. She says, "Whoa! She's on FIRE! But thankfully I've never been...I mean, I've done a lot of crazy things, I can tell you that...but I've NEVER been on fire!...At least not to my knowledge." The advertisements in-between songs are also superb - highly effective and stupid, taking the mickey out of American life. The advert for "Pets Over Night" is brilliant, but the "Liberty City Survivor" advert is the best. Criminals are released from prison and sent on missions to kill each other all over Liberty City. "I was grabbing a sandwich at the Happy Blimp, when all of a sudden these guys bust through the window and started shootin' at each other! I was so excited, I didn't even noticed I'd been hit! From then on, I was hooked on "Liberty City Survivor" - I watch it every day in the hospital!" says a brainless victim of the TV show. Hilarious! How many gaming makers do you see putting so much effort and detail into their games, down to the last minor detail of a radio station choice?!The range of vehicles is absolutely amazing. From cop cars, taxis, fire trucks, coaches, ambulances, rubbish trucks, sports cars, mafia cars and a wide range of other American cars, it really is an impressive list. The fastest cars (and the best to be in on cop-chases) are the black mafia cars and the cop cars. Both for obvious reasons, they can pick up speed in a very short time and run over many helpless victims easily, but are faltered in the power facility. You can drive at top speed and crash into an oncoming cop car and not really send it very far. The vehicle you'll need for power is the fire truck. It doesn't go as fast as the cop cars, but going down a hill and crashing into an oncoming cop car can do a LOT of damage. At the right angle, the cops will literally go FLYING through the air as they bounce of the front of the fire truck, spinning a dozen times before landing upside down, setting on fire, and blowing up. The sports car are concealed in quiet areas, and the best one is the one situated in a garage with glass windows. Smash the glass, steal the car and drive off. The sports car is incredibly fast, and perfect for driving over ramps. When seen by the cops for running over a poor victim, steal their car and race off. Soon you'll have a massive number of cop cars hunting you down, complete with ambulances chasing up the dead victims you leave in your wake of mayhem and destruction - try running over the ambulance guys too, so they can't help the victims! Larger cop vans also block the roads, to try and stop you and helicopters will chase you around and even cause the dust on the ground to rise if they get close enough. Loudspeakers from the cops in the helicopters telling you to stop adds to the excitement. When trying to escape the clutches of the cops, it's one of those situations where all your body goes numb and all you care about is your survival.The only downfall about being in any form of transport is that if it tips upside down, you can't get back the right way around and it will set on fire in a matter of seconds. An explosion is inevitable, so you must exit the vehicle as swiftly as possible and look for other means of transport. The cop chases are not only exciting and addictive, but highly amusing. All rules of human civilisation are thrown out of the window when you drive on the paths instead of the roads, just for the sakes of squishing innocent people. The cops go CRAZY when trying to catch you. They run over all the people themselves and just don't seem to care about all these people on the streets! It's hilarious to see a cop car crashing with another, as they desperately try and catch you, probably reflecting the state the world is in at the moment; no co-ordination or control. Watching them flip upside down and explode as you race off is the highlight.OVERALL GRADE: 10/10I now consider Grand Theft Auto 3 the greatest PlayStation game in the history of....well, video games! Oops, wait - I haven't played Vice City yet, so that could well change my opinions. But for now, if you don't have this superb, addictive, gripping, hilarious, enthralling, exciting and downright perfect game, then why not?! It is the perfect example of how a game should be made, covering all aspects in the spectrum of what entertain us as a "civilised" nation. Don't hesitate, buy it now!
3	B00005O0I2	This game is amazing for it's use of interactive design. You can do anything with this book, and that is not always a good thing. This game absolutely blew my mind.
3	B00005O0I2	this is the best gta ever...buy it.
3	B00005O0I2	If you've read any of my other reviews, you know what a huge Driver fan I am. Grand Theft Auto 3 has supplanted Driver as my all-time favorite game. Exploration and freedom of action have always been things I hunger for in a game, and the more immersive the environment, the better. Without my even having really expected it to, GTA3 has surpassed my most fevered dreams of the ultimate interactive experience.Liberty City is one of the worst places in America, according to the game's literature, and GTA3's designers pulled no punches in depicting this seedy sewer of a metropolis in decay. It may come as a surprise to a lot of gamers that the designers of the game are British, and after playing GTA3 for a few hours, it's easy to appreciate the twisted and sarcastic view of American crime culture that inspired this game.In this fictional and fully realized world, the player can do almost anything his darker nature inspires, including random and pre-meditated murder, vehicular manslaughter, grand theft auto (of course), armed robbery, assault and battery, and red-light running. The only restrictions involve actually entering structures, although there are a few for which this is possible as required by the game's plot. There are subways, trains, cars (lots of these), boats, planes and of course the freedom to jog anywhere you would be able to in real life. The streets are jammed with other people and cars, some just bystanders and some real bad guys (and girls). There are bridges and bays, a couple of ammo shops, a men's room in a park, a tunnel, and lots of guns. This is the closest thing to a real living city I have ever seen in a video game.The main part of the game itself is mission-based and plot-driven, similar to that in Driver, but so much better thought-out. The variety of missions is wonderful and keeps the player interested in the plot. The mission structure is mostly non-linear, so if one boss asks you to do something and you don't feel like doing it right away, you can get a different job from another boss and come back to the first one later. Of course, some missions must be completed to advance the plot, but many are simply there to add spice to the game.What if you don't feel like playing a mission? No problem. Just hop in a car, boat, taxi, police car, truck, ambulance, firetruck and so on, and hit the road. Running around aimlessly is fun, too. You can busy yourself looking for all 100 hidden packages, hitting strategically placed ramps to get a stunt bonus, taking patients to the hospital in an ambulance, being a taxi driver, running down dangerous criminals in a cop car, putting out fires in a firetruck, beating people to death and stealing their cash, stealing specific types of cars and delivering them to a warehouse for money, blowing up gang-members' cars with a radio-controlled bomb, sniping innocent victims from the safety of a high rooftop, making yourself wanted and then running from the police, or just looking around.There's a lot to see. Just walking down one of Liberty City's streets will expose you to all kinds of seedy elements. Gang toughs will threaten and chase you if provoked, prostitutes will proposition you, drunks will mumble at you, drivers will shout expletives at you, crimes and car accidents will occur as you witness them, and, if you've made the wrong people mad, people will shoot at you.Or you could just marvel at the detail that went into the city's design. Buildings are lifelike and architecturally interesting, there are landmarks and parking lots, college campuses and warehouses. There is a construction site that I swear has actually progressed in completion as the game days increase. There are parking garages and shopping malls and an airport.GTA3 is definitely for adults only. I'm sure that most people would not have to be told this given my description of the shenanigans going on, but some people just don't read. Pay attention to that big M on the cover-it's well-deserved in this case.This game is an escapist's dream come true-it is an immersive interactive experience like none other. If you are like me and liked nothing more than just cruising around the cities in Driver, you will find Liberty City an interactive envirnment that will never bore you.
3	B00005O0I2	Even after playing Vice City long before I finally picked up a copy of GTAIII, I can say that I was thoroughly amazed!  Every angle and aspect of the game is nearly perfect, and in many ways I believe GTA III to be better than its amazing follower, Vice City. For one thing, the city, in my opinion, is better, and the lights and sounds will surely dazzle any sane gamer. On the downside, GTAIII is not as long and not as "amazing" as Vice City. However, any gamer should treat this game with respect, for it spanned a host of sequels, not just GTA Vice City, but Mafia and The Getaway as well. GTA III does it better than any of them. For any person who does not know the layout of the GTA games, it takes place in a freely-roamed city. There are missions from many colorful characters throughout, but now you are a criminal in an expansive city. For any FPS lovers, there are no 007 missions where you just go around shooting. This is a new kind of game, a kind where you can run around hijacking any car off of the street and killing whoever you may want to. Of course, there is much more to GTA games than just that, and any gamer will be entertained for hours by this "mafioso masterpiece!"-Maxim. My rating-10!
3	B00005O0I2	This is the best game in the history of games.  The non-linear story line is fantastic.  The ability to pick up side missions that are not part of the main story line is tremendous.  And the ability to use a plethora of vehicles and weapons to eliminate the citizenry of Liberty City is wonderful beyond description.  The game has a wide selection of camera angles to view your mayhem, excellent graphics, and gameplay with the perfect mix of realism (spurting blood, wrecked cars, and tired characters) and fantasy (carrying a dozen types of firearms simultaneously, jumping cars hundreds of feet).It's got sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll, so don't let your kids play it, but get it for yourself!
3	B00005O0I2	This is the funniest game I have played in a long time. The mayhem that this game allows you to create (and be a victim of) is truly breathtaking. I bought this game a few months ago and have just got around to playing it. I must say it has turned out to be much better than I thought it would.
3	B00005O0I2	Ok I had seen my freinds play this game and even played a couple times a few weeks ago but last weekend I finally bought this game..... Holy this game is great a huge game I was so addicted I found myself plying till from 4pm to 2am I could not put it down for anything I had bought 2 other games that day but because of Grand Theift Auto 3 I didn't have the slightest uge to play them gameplay goes like this your a guy (I don't know his name) you steal cars and drive around to certain crimelords EX:Mafia, Triads, Diablos, etc of you can jump out of your car at any time and bust loose with weapons such as flamethrowers, shotguns, pistols, hand grenades, and many many more you jobs can be found all over you can go to a pay phone and or go meet your employer face to face jobs can be things like killing enemy gangsters to stealing cars to busting guys out of jail just be careful not to attract the attention of the cops they are very vicous and don't give up till your dead or caught whichever one comes first but besides the gangster jobs this is a truly huge game with many sorts of mission revolving on being sort of a good guy for example you can steal a taxi and do taxi missions the same is true if you steal an ambulance you rush to save people if you steal a cop car you chase the bad games down and put out fires if you steal a fire truck not to mention you get paid for all these kinds of missions but money is mostly for buying guns but also this game proves over again that its huge because of all the things to find EX:100 hidden packages that yeild rewards for finding certain amouts and 20 unique jump see if you find ramp get in a car and jump it you might get one of the unique jumps and lastly 20 rampages a rampage is basically a hunt for certain gangsters or things with unlimited ammo and a time limit but finding all of these things will take you a long time also if you just want to raise some hell in the city and shoot everything get this game cause it does really good with that element overall I'd have to say this one of the best games on PS2 if you have not got it yet then hurry up they got some good prices now
3	B00005O0I2	A game will never top this! Everyone is dissing this because of its violence and parents are swarming it in a hell of controversy, but this is really fun. I love playing a game that isn't censored or toned down, THIS GAME HAS IT ALL! Prostitutes, guns, foul language, blood, great story, and the total freedom to be completely violent and make a virtual fool out of yourself! There are tons of cars to hijack, and plenty of innocents to kill. Sure, the violence is pushing the limit, but I have never had this much fun with a video game in my life!The games takes place in violent streets of Liberty City. It is divided into 3 different ones, like in Grand Theft Auto 2, but there are ways to connect between them. There are thousands of cars on the highways, and you can steal them with the press of one button. The city is huge, and there are many places to hide and wreck hell from a distance, where the cops will have a hard time finding you. There are over 150 missions to complete, and the replay value is completely endless. There are now jumps and ramps that you can find, which are placed throughout the city. But it is not like Stuntman or Tony Hawk's Pro Skater. They are bascially things like the ruins of a tractor-trailer you blew up, a pile of dirt in a park where the cops made a mess of chasing you down, or parts of a bridge that gets bombed in the opening sequence. Doing stunts is a good challenge, but you always feel the urge to hijack a better car and do it again, and again, and again.The missions in Grand Theft Auto 3 are designed great. They start out easy, but they can become pretty hard. There are many ways to beat them, and there are always many solutions. Like if you are told to kill a guy, you can: use all your M-16 ammo and kill him, throw a grenade, blow up the car around him so he is killed in the explosion, find a place to hide and hit him with a sniper rifle, or just beat him to death with your hands. The list goes on and on, and this is part of what makes Grand Theft Auto 3 so great.Overall, this is the best game ever made. There are great, gory, graphics and there is a replay value that is completely endless. Every mature gamer should own this.WARNING: THIS GAME IS VERY VIOLENT AND SHOULD NEVER BE BOUGHT FOR ANYONE UNDER 17. THERE ARE HOOKERS, GUNS, KILLS, AND THIS GAME ENCOURAGES AND REWARDS VIOLENCE TO INNOCENTS. IT OVERLY USES FOUL AND PROFANE LANGUAGE. IT ALSO HAS EXTREME SEXUAL INNUENDO, AS THE WAY TO REFILL YOUR HEALTH METER IS TO GET WITH A PROSTITIUTE, AND THEN KILL HER AND REGAIN THE MONEY YOU GAVE HER. NO PARENT SHOULD EVER BUY THIS FOR A CHILD UNDER 17, AND EVERYONE SHOULD PURCHASE WITH CAUTION. IT IS EXCESSIVELY VIOLENT, AND WILL SHOW PEOPLE MORE KILLING AND BEATING THAN THEY EVER SHOULD BE EXPOSED TO.
3	B00005O0I2	A fun game. While not as fun as GTA-VC, the game has great graphics. If you're ever bored just screw around and shoot some people or go on rampages. Violent yet great.
3	B00005O0I2	Have any of you ever played the first Grand Theft Auto? Not exactly the best thing ever, is it? But whereas GTA gave you permanent retina damage, GTA3 gave you what the original attempted to give. That, my friend, is FUN!Never before have a console game the likes of GTA3 came along and the sales of the game is well deserved. Sure, we had a few open-ended games, but how many open-ended gangster games can you name? There may not be many like GTA3, but it certainly did what it wanted very well.Gameplay - Open-ended and much to do! When you are done with all the missions, there are still a few that is permanent and you can do as many as you want. Aside from that, you can become a taxi driver, a cop, a firefighter, or an ambulance driver! There is just so much to do in this game and the atmosphere of Liberty City just enhances it SO much!You can do the missions in many ways and you can go about getting to and from your missions in many ways too. Transportation includes vehicles, subways, trains, boats, and even airplane! There is nothing like trying to fly the Dodo in this game! It is an experience you can not miss!Music - The music in this game is custom made and it is unbelievable! Some of my favorite tracks include "Bump To The Music", "I Just Can't Take No More", and "See Through You", but there are many more good tracks! And there's even a classic track from the original GTA! The music really enhances the comical aspect of the game, which is very apparent once you hear the lyrics. However, the music is not all there is! There is even a TALK SHOW! Yes, the radio station "Chatterbox", which features Lazlow. He is incredible funny and you WILL want to listen to this station at one time or another.Graphics - The graphics are quite good considering the size of the city. I felt the cars should have been better considering they're a huge aspect of the game, but it was still good. However, the water was just horrendous, and there is simply too much pop up.Pop up is when an object appears out of nowhere. While playing the game, cars often disappear or reappear when I turn around. Worse still, the road sometimes disappear when I'm driving. These complaints are rather minor, though.Story - The story is a rather cliche gangster-type story, but it was executed nicely. The voice-acting was great and the story transisted nicely. I also just LOVE the ending!Replayability - Oh Jesus, the length is just incredible! I rarely come across a game with this much replayability! The length of the game itself is not too long, but you just keep coming back to play! Months after I beaten the game, I'm still coming back! I just love driving around the city, listening to the radio, and running over the people!Conclusion - Buy the game! You will not regret it! There is so much to do and the only thing missing is the ability to run over annoying politicians who say games causes violence!
3	B00005O0I2	The first thing that will make your draw drop is when you hear the characters during the cut scenes use curse words.  The graphics are above average but what this game really brings to the table is missions....lots of them.  You play a vigilante that works for every organized crime unit in the city and gets paid.  There are some glitches in the game (like getting shot through some walled areas and the computer characters on the street getting stuck walking into walls) but they don't take away from the fun.  As you know by now, this game is not for young children due to its graphic content (hookers, hit and runs, blood, guns and lots of adult situations that you don't want to have to explain).  The adult factor made it more popular since it let people know that adults have games designed just for them too.  The best part about this game is the free reign of the game.  You don't have to constantly just do missions; you can run amuck around the town killing people, car jacking and doing insane stunts.  Add this one to the collection.  You'll be playing it for months.
3	B00005O0I2	The beauty of Grand Theft Auto is the complexity and the openness.  Explore. Find your own fun. Play the game however and whereever you want.I haven't owned a game system in ten years. I'm a little bit of a radical and didn't care to give my money to the gaming companies who ripped us off every year.  Yet, Play Station 2 proved to me that they were the exception.  They put out a quality system and made it where it incorporated the old games too.Anyway... GRAND THEFT AUTO 3 was the first game I bought!  You can imagine my shock at how phenominal games have become.GTA3 is quite honestly exceptional, and takes a new step toward getting YOU involved in the game.  The first game that I've ever seen that each individual game player can transpose their own personal dark side into the characters actions.Steal police cars and the game gives you the option to be a vigilante police officer.  Steal a fire truck and the game gives you the option to go put out fires.  Steal a taxi cab and pick up fares.The game is violent.  Adult.  And fun as hell.
3	B00005O0I2	Several years, and several sequels, have passed now, so is GTA III really worth the time?I'd definitely say so. This game continues to be incredibly fun years later. You can pick it up and just have a play or you can advance through the stories. Each is engaging and creative, just like the sequels.When it comes down to it, this is a great game and it still holds its weight against the sequels and the knock off games. It's a definite buy.
3	B00005O0I2	Of all the incredible things that Grand Theft Auto 3 does , what amazes me the most is how much stuff is crammed in there. It's rare when a game limited to one genre manages to get everything right. For Grand Theft Auto 3 to assume multiple guises and pull it off with such panache and style is paactically unheard of. Whether it's a third person adventure, a first person shooter or a driving game, you're never in the position of having nothing to do. Not in Liberty City. Shoot bad guys, drive fast cars, pick up hot women, and make big money. You can do it all, baby. Wanna drive a police boat like Crackett and Tubbs? You can do that too. The level of detail in the game is so great, you could spend weeks trying to discover everything. All the familiar Grand Theft Auto staples are back too. THe shady payphones, the pagers and the radio stations are all there, but this time in three lovely dimensions. A game like this could have gotten too big and too ambitious for its own good, but no matter how you choose to spend you time doing odd jobs, or just blowing stuff up, getting back to your primary objectives is always an easy process. If only life were that, simple. Is Grand Theft Auto 3 flawless? Of course not, The game runs a little slow, lacks some polish, and the targeting  system is nothing special. But that's nitpicking considering its accomplishments. No matter how you slice it, Grand Theft Auto 3 is an instant classic that deserves a place on every grown up gamers shelf.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is HUGE. One thing people were talking about is that level of gritty realism which of course, sparks controversy over it's content. If they at least played the game, you'll realize it's fun as hell.Graphics: Well, these are good for the PS2, not the best but you won't be complaining. The real cool stuff is when you blow stuff up, cool visuals there.Story: It's all over the map. Mob bosses, double crosses in all it's glory. You meet several mobsters and ordered to do little jobs for them, and they can range from showing one of their friends around town or tailing a rat or just plain old dropping off a car with a corpse inside to a crusher. Nice variety.Sound/Music: This would've been great if they executed it a bit better. Get in a car and you have a radio blaring, and you can even change channels. Problem was I kept flipping through them all the time finding the right one. Voice actors are great and a lot of times I was like &quot;hey that guy's famous, where do I know him from?&quot;Gameplay: Little things that are missteps but it's all good. The only problems I had were aiming at multiple badguys that are shooting at you and you don't know where it's coming from. But this game is fun and there's always these little quirks.If you're not particularly fond of shooting people and blowing cars up and having prostitute services, don't get this. First and last warning. This game is fun and we don't need more senate hearings on these.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is they essence of the phrase &quot;Guilty Pleasure.&quot; Its so bad so contemptous that you have to continue to see what else you can do on the game!  I will take it a step further from the under 17 rating by saying this is not a game for those who are simple minded or easily influenced by games, music, or movies.  If you know someone who is one of the above and find out they have this game please keep a close eye on them for the rest of us!  Anyway for those of you who can enjoy a little mayhem and have that oddball since of humor then your gonna love this game as I do.  Sure your gonna think &quot;Dang, this is such a shame, but your gonna keep on playing anyway!&quot; I thought the scarface soundtrack was a very nice touch!!!!Ladies if you thinking about trying this game give it a whirl, the first time I played this game at home my girlfriend was watching and begged me to let her give it a try!!!!!!!!! No w for the most part she has no interest in PS2 games but she likes this one!!!! Give it a whirl just for the fact that they pass that line of no return when it comes to the industry norm!
3	B00005O0I2	I remember when I first played Grand Theft Auto 1. I loved it, then when GTA 2 was released, I loved it as well. Now that a fully-improved GTA 3 is released, I rented it, and ofcourse...LOVED it! This is right on my Christmas 2001 wish-list, along with Metal Gear Solid 2!Now. As for language on this product, you really don't have to worry. The profanity in this game has actually been lowerd (language wise). There is a returning song on the game that was on GTA 1 that has the four-letter &quot;f&quot; word clearly in it. But on GTA 3 it has been edited out. But you might spot the same word on another station in the cars.So many FUN things to do on this game.Here is how I rate GTA 2Sound: 10Graphics: 9Gameplay: 10Fun: 10Story: 10Difficulty: Easy to MediumOverall: 10/10 (ten out of ten)
3	B00005O0I2	When Grand Theft Auto released on the original PlayStation, it has proven to be one of the best landmark titles of the PlayStation game console. This is probably the first videogame series that allows you to play as the criminal, where you get to carjack, do sneak attacks and murder innocent civilians. Adults find the GTA series offensive and grotesque. They don't see it fitting to find their children shooting people at point-blank range with an AK-47. But you don't see some of us fans get influenced by the game itself. I already know some people are influenced by it, and whoever is already influenced by the game is a total idiot who actually took their killing abilities from a videogame. How stupid is that ? Anyway let's get back to the topic. Finally this year in 2001, Rockstar Games released yet another stunning addition to the Grand Theft Auto series known as Grand Theft Auto 3. This game turned out to be one of the best lookin PlayStation 2 games of the year. Not to mention, best playing game ever. So far, most people gave this a high score. Probably a 10 or a 5, but some people gave it one star because of the explict violence. Another reviewer said that this game was too violent. (coughing)WUSSY! (ahem) Yeah...anyway...he gave the game 1 star. And what's worse, he gave Metal Gear Solid 2 only two stars. Probably because it's an &quot;M&quot; rated game. Yeah sure, why don't you give all of the &quot;M&quot; rated games a bad score like Doom or Unreal Tournament. But 1 STAR ON GTA3!? What the feesyz? But who cares what he says, in fact, who cares what anyone else says? It only matters what I say, and I say it's a damn good game. Thats all there is to it ! The graphics are sweet-lookin. Now for the first time, you won't have to go through the pressures of going through the game with a helicopter camera view. You have a wide variety of cameras to choose from. Whether its a 3rd person view or a driveby side view, it's up to you. The character models are perfectly rendered, but sometimes they appear to be a bit blocky on some edges, but all in all, the texture looks great. The music may be a little forgetable, but most tracks are pretty well known. From punk-rock, techno, rap, and classical music. The voice acting is average. The dialogue on each scene sounds like you're watching an &quot;R&quot; rated movie which is great. But unfortunately some in-game voice acting sounds weird. Some people would say the exact same thing to each other (man that's annoying) and the next thing you know, they'll either beat the living crud out of them or bust a few caps on them until they're dead. The gunshots, car crashes, and explosions sound very realistic unlike some of the early GTA series. The gameplay is downright the best in the game, and it improved over the other GTA titles. The controls are seamless and they don't seem to bother me that much. Even the car control doesn't seem that bad at all. The only in-game flaw is the over-difficult missions that we had to go through. Now that's one thing that will get to me. But I'm not taking down one star just because of that. So in the end, Grand Theft Auto 3 is far by, the best amont the GTA series today. But a little warning for you kiddies out there. This game is only reccomended for gamers at the ages of 17 or older, so I wouldn't reccomend it to younger audiences. If you ain't 17, I suggest you stick to &quot;E&quot; or &quot;T&quot; rated games like Street Fighter III or something like that. But if you're at the age where you can possibly buy any damn thing you want, get Grand Theft Auto 3 for the PlayStation 2, but a word of advice before you do. Please don't get influenced by the game itself. If you wan't Rockstar Games to continue on the GTA series, please do them a favor and don't pull of anything stupid like carjack or go on a killing spree. I am so serious about this !
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto:III is one of the best games ever created on any system.  The game is very realistic in the faces of the people's facial expressions.  The game-play is un-believeable.  The missions that you must complete are very challenging, but at the same time, very fun.  There are many realistic weapons in this game including a shotgun, cannon, a semi-automatic, and even a tank. (You will need to get the cheats off online)  There are amazing cars in the game.  You can steal Vipers, Mafia Sentnal, Taxis, Cop Cars, and ever Fire Engines.  I recomend putting this video game on your Christmas list.
3	B00005O0I2	wow.....i dont realy know how to start this reveiw so ill just start by saying this is a sweet game....and somthing that has realy been bugging me...people keep going on and on about how this game is not for kids....i am 14 and i here worse language in my classroom than i to in this game...and im sure we have all played games with blood in it be4....nothin new there if there is any thing parents should be worried about its the fact that u can pick up hookers (hehehehehe pretty cool though) but still the M rating is nessicary but i still think any of us underrated &quot;kids&quot; can handle it....  this game will take a while to get boring...lots of stuff to do...certain vehicals have extra missions...join gangs,take steireroids,pick up a prostitute,kill people,steal cars,endless possibilitys.....i picked up this game on the off chance that it would be better than the 2nd 1....i thought nothing could be better than that 1...so anyway i called around stores and finaly found 1 that carried it...so i picked it up and poped it in my PS2...WOW to my suprise it was better...i just got a secret vehicial...its like a giant dune buggy...once u get to the 2nd island u can find it at the diablos contact area between midnight and 4:00...1 big change is how to get from island to island...in the previous 1 it was how much money u earned...while in this 1 u get there by doing certian missions for certian ppl...also transportation has evolved, of course there is cars and your own 2 feet but there is also planes,boats,trains,and subways...and u can always just drive (or take a subway) from island to island by bridges and tunnles that run under water...still the funnest part for me is beating up pedestrians and takin their money untill the police chase me down...first the just punch....then they start shootin....then they start callin in hellicopters and settin up road blocks...then the swat team....then fbi.........and for gods sake....dont get 6 stars on your wanted meter (those who own the game will understand y)  da coolest
3	B00005O0I2	Have you had a bad day & just wanna go & whip some hide? Then GTA3 is just the ticket for you!You start of as a guy how get set up on a hiest(you got a motive already to start wasteing people!) Then you start of by doing favors for "people ",or you could (you sholud do this to find you're way around the city) just drvie around for some freelance fun!!!Just follow these rules & you'll be fine.1.get codes for you're wanted level(to rise or lower),money,& armor.2.find "friends" after it gets dark for extra heathl(beware they leave you with you're money)3.watch out for cops,and you're steering on a car.Oops! i forgot to tell you first timers that fro each car you steal, carjack you can do a mission/drivebyBeleave me after a rough day this is the safest way to let of steam!!!!
3	B00005O0I2	missions get more difficult but somewhat repetitive, great to play after frustrating day when gore and killing the secret agents with a tank is the only way to make you feel better
3	B00005O0I2	This is a great game, as so many other reviews have stated.  I love the fact that anything goes in this game: you can pick up hookers in your stolen car and watch it creak up and down as your money dwindles, you can fight anyone int he game, and go practically anywhere.  The missions are fun and very challenging.However, there is one flaw, and that's the combat.  Combat in this game is attrocious.  You have almost zero control over the character and his weapon.  The R1 button is supposed to lock your weapon on an enemy, but often it locks onto the wrong person in critical situations.  For example, there's a mission in the game where a gang of psychos strapped with bombs run at you kamakazi style, so you have to shoot them at a distance to avoid damage.  I found my weapon constantly locking on innocent civilians and getting blown to bits over and over.The other major flaw in the combat  is the third person view.  It's very awkward and makes it very difficult to attack enemies on your flanks or behind you.  This is because the game does not allow you to run and look around at the same time.  They camera only points in the direction your character is running.  In Halo, and Max Payne, you can swivel the camera as you move to get at enemies in all directions, and that's how combat should have been handled here as well.I almost wanted to give the game 3 stars because of these flaws because they're so aggravating, but all the other aspects are so great that I couldn't do that.  This definitely is a game that's worth buying and playing, but just be ready for a little frustration when you get into gun-fights.
3	B00005O0I2	If i went to school and hit my teacher would i get 1 star jk this is the shet excuse my language but why not waste hours getting hookers and killin sucks
3	B00005O0I2	This is the type of game you can play everyday and never get bored. I've owned this game for some time and I still play it off and on. To tell you the truth, I lost count of how many times I beat the game and I pretty much know the storyline by heart (who doesn't). Anyway, in this game you shoot, kill, fight, drive, work (missions), etc. The first time I played this game I almost passed out. You have the freedom to do anything you want. And I mean anything. Sure, there's blood and bad language, but that's because it's an adult game (M Rated). So it's definitely not a game for children to play, unless your child understands that it's just a game!As for the game, the graphics are very good, the gameplay is easy to get used to and the music on the radio stations are just amazing.I won't tell you anything else except that you buy this game immediately. And for the price you can't complain!
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is the best game on the market. It is about a criminal taking certain jobs for money not careing who he works for just so he gets paid enough. There is over 50 jobs to do in the and some special long activities to do. the graphics are good controles are pretty easy. The game is very fun to play and some very funny this happen in the game. there are over 24 cars to drive in the game. there are also different time periods in the game. Some of the missions can be pretty hard but they are still fun. So if you like mob stories and stuff like that you'll love this game.
3	B00005O0I2	I remember the fun I had playing the demo of the first game - not playing the missions mind you, but just running around and flame throwing people. Of course, the second game wasn't much fun and didn't improve upon the first - but this newest entry in the series is a quantum leap beyond it's predecessors. More fun than any game I have ever played on PS2 or any system for that matter - GTA 3 is a great game for those who like their games filled with chaos and allowing the player to move around at will - doing whatever they feel like without always having to worry about a ticking clock or meeting some silly objective. Want to steal a bus and t-bone cop cars? You can do that. Want to get a tank and run over prostitutes? You can do that. Want to get a sniper rifle and play columbine from a rooftop? You can do that. The game is an all out mass murder spree without the troublesome prison time that usually accompanies such actions. A completely wonderful, morally reprehensible, and utterly depraved game. I would buy this game again in a heartbeat.
3	B00005O0I2	I have been a fan of this series for a long time but I have always felt that it was limited with its top down two dimensional view.GTA3 however has overcome this problem and is the only game availble on the playstation that has endless replayability. There is just so much that you can do in this game that I find myself getting lost in the game world.Do yourself a favor play this game.
3	B00005O0I2	When GTA III was released in 2001, it was one of the most popular and controversial games of the year. OK, first off, for the moms who gave this game one star and said it's the cause of violence, well, the only people who are dumb enough to act like a video game are little kids and mentally disabled kids. If you buy this game for either one, don't go complaining to Rockstar. It's YOUR FAULT! Anyway, onto the review.Gameplay: 10/10: A brilliant crime game. You work for different crime organizations and do their dirty little missions. Besides that, you can steal any car, find hidden items, do secret mini games, explore the city, bang hookers, and shoot people. But watch out for the cops. A challange!Graphics: 8/10: Not that great by today's standards, but decent for a 2001 game. Hey! The PS2 was young then!Sound: 10/10: The voice actors are fine, and the gunshots and the explosion sound awesome!Music:10/10: You listen to radio stations in the car, including rap, rock, godawful opera music, and even some Scarface songs!There you have it! It's one helluva game! Go buy the double pack which has this and Vice City, and get San Andreas! Two guns up!
3	B00005O0I2	My first experience w/ the GTA franchise was at my friend's birthday party in Dec. 2001. He received GTA3 as a gift that night, and we all watched him play it for a while. Lots of drunken hooting and hollering at the wanton random violence and depravity. Running over pedestrians, cop-killing sprees with countless innocent bystander casualties, partaking of a prostitute's services for a health bonus and then beating her to death with a baseball bat to recoup the money paid to her, and so forth. I didn't dig that particular aspect too much. I wasn't personally offended, per se... I love over the top violence in games and movies. But I had something of a political issue with it due to my perspective as a long-time gamer. To wit- for two decades up to that point, annoying "concerned parent" groups had been decrying video games as "murder simulators" that condition and desensitize, destroy the moral compass, blah blah blah. Those groups had always been completely full of crap, but it seemed to me that in one fell swoop GTA 3 was going to make them all correct, retro-actively. I thought "We've been in the right all these years. But now you've released the game those nitwits have been waiting for, and it's finally going to give them the upper hand. Good job, guys." There was also the simple fact that I've always been more drawn towards fantasy, whether it's futuristic sci-fi, swords & sorcery, supernatural horror, a past time period, whatever, I need *something* aside from mundane reality. A video game where you're a just some Joe Schmoe running around a modern city driving contemporary cars... that simply wasn't going to satisfy my appetite for escapism. So, it felt like around the time I was going ga-ga over Devil May Cry, Ico, Metal Gear Solid 2, Final Fantasy X and Halo, everyone else was falling madly in love with GTA3. Especially my aforementioned friend. He would not shut up about how great it was and he was so enthusiastic and positive that I'd love it too if I gave it a chance that I bought myself a copy. I played it for a few hours, long enough to confirm that it definitely wasn't my cup of tea, and I put it away in the cabinet under my TV. It's been sitting in there ever since.I then watched as GTA3 went on to become one of the most revolutionary and influential video games of all time, giving birth to a whole new genre, i.e. open world/sandbox. Naturally I avoided this genre like the plague... until Assassin's Creed. I initially dismissed that game as well, since A) I had never been won over by Prince of Persia-Sands of Time and B) it appeared to be GTA set in the 12th century Middle East. But later I heard that it also had some kind of hi-tech sci-fi aspect, so that piqued my interest and I ended up playing it. Flawed as it was, that broke the ice and got me past my aversion towards open world games. After three Assassin's Creeds, Infamous, Red Dead Redemption, and most recently L.A. Noire, I was finally ready. I opened that cabinet under my TV, fished out GTA3 and started a new game. That was about two weeks ago, and now I've finished it. A lot of it was boring; there's no getting around the fact that you spend most of your time driving around Liberty City. I drive around Los Angeles every day, so this is not exactly exciting to me. Bits of it were aggravating; in the first 30 missions or so the GPS always indicates precisely where my next goal is... and suddenly that is taken away for no apparent reason. I'm directed to go find a "Yardie car" without any info as to just what in the hell a Yardie is or kind of car they drive. Y'know, the sort of thing that Official Guide Books and the internet were created for. But a lot of it was a hell of a lot of fun, and I'm glad that I can finally appreciate what it did for gaming. Thanks to eBay, after finishing up GTA3 I cracked open an original sealed copy of Vice City and started in on that (I can already tell it contains some big improvements,) and I've got a sealed copy of San Andreas waiting in the wings. Now my biggest issue with these games is whether or not I can finish them before I burn out.EDIT August 8, 2011: Since writing this review I've gone on to enjoy Vice City, San Andreas, GTA4, The Lost and Damned, and The Ballad of Gay Tony. I am now a true blue GTA fan. Who'da thunk it? I've been looking up old articles and interviews about the history of GTA and its developer Rockstar, and I found out something very enlightening: When they initially came up with the ideas that were the foundation for the GTA series, one of the most important goals was to create a new game that would appeal to people who normally weren't interested in video games because they thought of them as "nerdy". Being that I had been playing and loving video games for about 25 years by the time GTA first appeared in 1997, it's hardly any wonder that it didn't interest me. I wasn't anywhere near the target demographic.
3	B00005O0I2	&quot;I can't believe they did that!&quot;, these are the words that come out of the mouths of most people who try Grand Theft Auto III for the first time.Never before has the graphical world been so interactive and not just background eye-candy.  You can literally do just about anything... Superb graphics, incredible game play, limitless action and adventure choices, amazing in-depthness in its animated characters, cool cars, original missions, etc...  I've been playing GTA3 non-stop since Christmas and I can't stop playing...  What's even more amazing is that I've only completed 27% of all the missions... It's the ultimate Suprano's meets the Warriors action adventure!!A note of caution to parents however, GTA3 is clearly an adult oriented game, it is loaded with over-the-top violence and adult oriented sexual themes.  It is obvious why Senator Joe Lieberman has this in his top 10 most offensive games for minors.That put aside, my hats off to Rockstar, I've never seen or played anything like it at home or in the arcade... Congratulations!
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of the best adventure/action games I have ever played, but it is for High Schoolers and older.  It has high replayability and is loads of fun.  I usually recommend to rent first, but just go out and buy it and you will not be disappointed.
3	B00005O0I2	I purchased Grand Theft Auto 3 after playing Grand Theft Auto Vice City.  This game is okay, but don't think it is as cool as Vice City.  I enjoy the missions involved with GTA3, but some of them get repetitive (The Marty Chonks Missions.)  I like that the citizens of Liberty City fight back, whereas Vice City citizens tend to mind their own business.  Another thing, the soundtrack doesn't have many songs and the main character doesn't talk, he just nods his head from time to time.  The game is crazy mad fun and I enjoy it thouroughly. If you are used to playing Vice City you will quickly learn your limitations.  You can't jump on cars as easily, you can't use bats or guns to breka windows. You may be taking a step back in time playing it now, but it is enjoyable.If you take this game at it's face value and don't spend too much time comparing it to Vice City you can enjoy this game.
3	B00005O0I2	Well this game is great I played it for months and was the reason I baught a PS2. But now its old and I ahve other games to play, the reason it got old I thought though was that it didn't have enough storyline. I finished the story and got kinda bored of lookign for hidden packages and rampages and whatnot. I would rahter be told to kill this or that guy and steal this than jsut randomly doing it.Ok enough of the bad this game has good graphics, and some great stories and lots of neat cars to drive. Lovely wreaks and movement of cars as well. Sometimes other cars jsut driving along will go crazy and run from you, some peopel you pull out of there cars shoot or try to beat you up. Its got such a great choas factor in it. I do wish they would of added a two player mode though I fell they could have easily.
3	B00005O0I2	And that is any car you want. The more missions you finish the more fun, and law breaking it gets. Graphics, Game Play, and Action is flawless like everyone told me it would be. I like to think of Gran Theft Auto 3 as sort of a PlayStation 2 tade mark.Their is nothing about this game that has not been said before by a fan of the this very popular seirse. This is a must play, but is not recommended for the easily botherd.
3	B00005O0I2	This is my FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME, next to Sonic the Hedgehog 2, of course. The sound, the graphics, all that stuff is great. But the gameplay....is GENIUS. I know many disagree with me there, but that's fine. I mean come on, how often does a game that lets you be sooo bad come along? You have 43 main-story missions, and 30 other small ones (including some hard-to-find ones, but that's okay, you'll find 'em). As you do missions, you eventually will unlock the next island, Staunton, and then the next one, Shoreside. The whole point of this game is to get back at Catalina, who left you for dead after a robbery. If you have a PS2 and you don't have this game....what, may I ask, are you doing still reading this stupid review?
3	B00005O0I2	When you look at Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, you forget about Grand Theft Auto 3. But this is the game that made GTA:VC such a great and better game.Based on 2003 graphics, the graphics suck. But the game is a classic and is still played. If you do not know what this game is about, then here it is:You are a young criminal with no name. You work for the Mafia, Yakuza, Diablos, Yardies and the Jacks. But you get enemies that want you dead like the Triads, Cartel, Mafia after you work for them, Diablos, Nine's, etc.You encounter lots of adventures like killing The Don, blowing up a Triad fish factory and a Cartel drug boat, driving by on gangs, blowing up paparazzi's and shooting up the Cartel.It takes place in the ghetto Liberty City. There are drug factories, mansions and so forth. If you want a great classic with a lot of shooting up and some nice cars and a hell of a lot of fun, get GTA3. if you can't stand sucky graphics, get GTA:VC. If your mom doesn't allow it, buy it with your own money.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto III is quite possibly the best game ever created.  With a fully-diverse world complete with po-po, various gangs and affiliations; each with their own specific type of car that they drive, angry pedestrians, mobs, thiefs, innocent people, various cars ranging from nice sports cars to crappy Volkswagen esque vehicles, to mack trucks, to pick up trucks, delivery vans, buses, tanks, taxis, speed and police boats...whatever... you name it.You can virtually go anywhere in the humongous city and either complete missions or wreak havoc on pedestrians.  Both objectives are equally fun.  You can get a kick out of standing a top a roof or parking garage and sniping the innocent pedestrians below, killing and fighting various gang members and watching their buddies come help them out, start a fight with a random pedestrian who says something you don't particularly like when you walk by, defy the cops etc. etc.  Steal a taxi and earn money dropping off different people at different locations.  Steal a Police car and run down other criminals who choose to disobey the law, steal an ambulance and pick up hurt people and take them to the hospital.  You can even do fire truck missions.They even have a nice little trick stunt bonus systems which awards money for the crazy stuff you do with your car.  And don't forget you can steal any car you want.  So that means you can stand on the highway, stop a car, pull the driver out the car and drive away without any problems.  Or if you see a nice car in the parking lot you can just hop in and take it.  Some cars have alarms on them and it goes off when you try to steal it.  Ride by the police with the alarm going and they will effectively chase you.  You can pick up hookers off the street to serve you up for a price of course and when they are done you can get your money back by putting them six feet under.  Not to mention side missions like rampage, where you kill as many as possible.  They have one where you control toy cars that explode when you press a button.  There is just so much to do!It is especially fun to see how many stars you can get.  You can get up to six total stars.  And as your stars increase, the amount of police presence and awareness increases. Get three stars and the police presence is heavy complete with a helicopter tracking your every move.  Of course you can rid yourself of the helicopter by sending a couple rockets its way from your rocket launcher but that only increases your stars. Get more than three stars and the FBI comes after you.  Get a full six stars and the army brings out the tank looking for you.  If you have a hot car you can take it to the shop and have them install a new engine and get a new paint job and the cops won't recognize you!The regular missions for each `cell' of the criminal organization have logical and necessary tasks for you to complete for them.  Doing so effectively and efficiently will earn you money to buy weapons.  The choice of weapons is good ranging from uzis, 9mm, shotguns, and sniper rifles to grenades, rocket launchers, machine guns and explosives.  You can wire a car with a bomb and dismiss of someone you don't like.  Crush Cars to destroy evidence, break people out of jail, perform hits, heck you can even do a drive-by with an uzi!  It is especially tight when you turn to Game FM on the radio station, steal a Yardie Lobo ( which comes complete with a fully active hydraulic system ) gangsta lean through your enemy gangs hood and do a drive-by on the gang members!  This kind of experience is just so fun.  And when you kill local gang members each time you roll through their streets they will try to steal your car, beat you up, or shoot you.Top this off with nine different radio stations that cater to all tastes, excellent replay value, cars that would handle like real cars, easy playability and controls, excellent graphics for this type of game, great voice acting and you have got one of the greatest games ever.  I can't express my approval of this game.  The easiest five star rating ever.
3	B00005O0I2	Let me start out by saying this game is simply the best, most awesome game I have ever played! It is by far my all time favorite game.There are numerous reasons why this game is one of a kind, but the only so-called drawback is the violence and content. I have seen that many people have given this lower rating than it should receive, just because of the content. Now, I do see where people get this, as it is a very violent game. However, I still love it. I am actually glad to see such a mature game, seeing as most companies are scared to make such a game. Anyway, on to what makes this game so great.The graphics are jaw dropping, the gameplay, versatility, and fun is endless. Need I say more? You can go wherever you want, whenever you want, and however you want. Go to the police station via an 18-wheeler, go to the fire department via a coach bus, go to a mob boss via a firebird, get my point? You can do ANYTHING!!! If you get bored of roaming the city (which I have not had happen to me yet and I play this game every day, you can a) work as a mob man, b) taxi driver, c) Paramedic, d) Fireman, or e) police officer. In each profession, you have mission to complete.One thing that surprised me was the great story line. The game starts out with you and a fellow convict who have just crashed your car in the process of breaking out of jail. The bridge behind you is broken and you have to get to a safe house to change out of your jail uniforms. After that you meet a mob boss and are on your way to a life of killing and crime.As I have said, this is the best game I have ever played. I have written a review for Madden 2002, and said that it was the most versatile game I have ever played. That was before I had gotten my hands on GTA3. Madden 2002's versatility is nothing compared to this amazing game. I 100% guarantee buying this game, unless you are young, due to the high violence and maturity content.PROS:aw-dropping graphicsndless game playost versatility I have ever seen in a gameon-stopping funCONS:igh violent and maturity content (in my mind this is not a con, but should be know to all)RATING:Graphics: *****Gameplay: *****Fun: *****Sound: *****Story: *****Versatility: *****Overall: *****ALSO:o glitcheso slow downso graphic errorsTHIS GAME IS AMAZING, BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005O0I2	I love this game. The graphics are an odd mix of the real and the uncanny - something slightly off about them and cartoonish. I think it is likely that they need to retain that level of &quot;not quite real&quot; to remove the real life connection to the violence depicted on screen.It is fun to complete the missions as well as just to watch in the stylistic sense.I find it annoying when games have timed portions such as many of the missions in this game, where you need to race a car across town in order to get to your next mission... but I just don't enjoy that. But I suppose that shows this game isn't geared towards me, but someone with faster reflexes and the need to test those out.That said, I still enjoy putting this game in and trudging my way through it.I'm greatly looking forward to The Getaway once that comes out - that looks to have similar gameplay, but a more realistic engine in both physics as well as look and feel (accurate map of London).
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto beats out every other game i've ever played this game rocks. You can do anything from killing pedestrians to just blowing stuff up or you can time yourself and see how long you can outrun the cops it's all up to you. Or you can do the story driven game and beat the game but not all at once you can take breaks in between missions and go cruising around picking up hoes for some fun. Definitly a must have!
3	B00005O0I2	This is a rare game that seems to utilize the full power of the PS2.  I am amazed at how far they come since the first GTA, a ground-breaking game in itself for its time.  The graphics are outstanding, gameplay is smooth and non-linear, so instead of marching right off to the next mission, you can heist some more cars, make some jumps, steal a taxi and collect fares, beat up some unsuspecting pedestrians, whatever you want; the missions will wait for you.  It can be bloody and violent, so it has earned its rating, but for the mature crowd that knows right from wrong and views this as escapist entertainment, it is a fabulous game.
3	B00005O0I2	When "Grand Theft Auto 3" first debuted in October 2001, almost every American (including the world) were shaken up from the aftermath of 9/11. This game wasn't an instant hit; it slowly became a blockbuster after a huge word of mouth from gamers and especially from the news who argued that "GTA 3" was the most violent game ever. What they didn't know was that since they complained about it, more people listened to the hype and it became a video game icon.It revolutionized the industry, it caused backlash from parents, made kids play it despite censors, and simply made video games fun again. I don't know how many hours I played this game, but it was alot!Everybody knows that you play a criminal, who roams around Liberty City, steals cars, works for various gangs, beat and kill pedestrians, do many missions and make the police very mad! It just sounds great, doesn't it? There is also many weapons and cars to choose from. Liberty City is amazing to look at; every detail in the game is almost realistic. And the audio and music soundtrack is perfect.Although "GTA: Vice City" was a better game overall, there's still a reason to play this "GTA 3". It was a radical new departure in video gaming, and no other game will make that such an impact ever again.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3, is probably the best game to ever come out for any system, ever.  The gameplay is so fun, there is so much to do, and you'll never get bored.  If you don't want to just do missions, you can either, do taxi missions, vigilante (cop missions) where you chase down criminals, or fire truck missions.  The came may be a little violent for some people, but definetly not bad enough to make someone not want to buy it.  In the end it is a very awesome game that you can play many times over and over and not get tired.
3	B00005O0I2	I played this game growing up and absolutely loved it, after we lost our original copy we kept trying to get others but they were always scratched or messed up in some way, this one was a little scratched but I have the stuff to fix it so we can happily play it.
3	B00005O0I2	I don't think Video Games can top their 2001 year, at least in sales total. This was one of 2 major hits from Rockstar in the 2001 year (Max Payne being the other). I have to say they did a wonderful job on improving over the old PS1 games, which are fun aswell, even now they are very fun. This gave us a chance to wonder around three different areas of Liberty City (NYC). Even though the story is lackluster, almost just throwing missions at you without reason. But gameplay is amazing, almost no limits at least in length, you always find something different in the city and can kill anything (laughs). While the main character doesn't talk at all (finally talks in Vice City). Overall, GTA fans and even new fans will loves this megahit.
3	B00005O0I2	AT FIRST I WONDERED WHAT THIS GAME WOULD BE LIKE.WHEN I PLAYED IT I WAS REALLY AMAZED BY IT.IT HAD GREAT GRAPHICS AND IT WAS REALLY FUN THIS IS A MUST BUY.
3	B00005O0I2	The first thing I need to make clear in this review is that this game is NOT intended for young audiences. The Mature rating is there for a reason. This game is not kidding around when it comes to violence, prostitution, racial slurs, homosexuality and so on and so forth. I discourage any parent from allowing their child to play this game.However, if you are over the age of 18 and are responsible enough to realize that you should not imitate everything you see on TV or in a video game, then this game is a must-own. It is not possible to spend a few hours playing this game and not get addicted to it. There is just so much to do. There is a story line involving your character moving amongst different mob bosses, completing various missions. But there is so much more to the game than just the story mode. You can drive around getting to know the area, steal a taxi and earn money, steal a cop car and kill criminals, steal a fire truck or ambulance and save lives, find hidden packages to earn various weapons at your hideout, look for the special jumps hidden throughout the game, start killing people just to see how much attention you can attract, or just wander around experimenting with the different cars and weapons available to you. One of the coolest things about this game is that is has its own built-in stress reliever. Instead of decreasing the life of your controller by smashing into various objects, you can just pull out your favorite weapon and take out your anger on innocent pedestrians.In terms of gameplay, this is one of the deepest games I have ever played. It is completely open-ended. When you start playing, there are so many options that it is hard to decide exactly what you want to do. It could take weeks and weeks before you squeeze every bit of gameplay out of this game. For me, the only negative about this game is its overall offensive theme. While many of the people I associate with complain about this game that is taking the Mature rating to a whole new level, I cannot help but play it because it is just so much fun. It is easily the best video game I have ever played, and that is a pretty heavy endorsement.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 is so fun and addicting. Probably the best game ever made because it started the do whatever you want game genre.Some people made say San Andreas or Vice City is better but i disagree cuz GTA3 was the first free roaming game ever made, i just love this game and will never give it up.
3	B00005O0I2	Look, let's cut to the chase...buy this game, it's just that simple.  In my twenty-something years of playing video games, I can't recall any other game consuming so much of my waking hours, and I bet you'll end up feeling the same way about this little gem.  I'm sure you've read other reviews, and the hype that they build about GTA3 is absolutely real, and is amazingly deserved with it's fantastic game play, gripping storyline, extremely responsive and tight controls, and amazingly gigantic and interactive 3D environments.The nature of the game is extremely of an adult nature, so if you're not into beating up pimps with a baseball bat, then keep yourself away from this game, 'cause it WILL bring out your dark side.  Then again, that's part of the allure of it, in that you can live out all your nasty fantasies, and when the heat is hot on your tail, and you blood is pumping, and you're flying through downtown at eighty miles and hour, you'll really know why I love Grand Theft Auto 3.
3	B00005O0I2	I bought this game for pc, it ran alittle slow so i bought it for ps2. This game gives you the most freedom ive ever seen come from a vedio game. You can go on a shooting spree (rampages) or do the missions. There are the regular missions, and SUBMISSIONS. The submissions are taxi, ambulance, police, fire truck, and telephone. In the taxi submissions, you pretty much play crazy taxi. You pick people up, and you put them to their destination in a specific amount of time. In the police, you look for criminals and kill them. And u guest it, you bring people to the hostpital, and put out fires in the ambulance and fire truck missions. There are MANY real missions that you can take. My favorite mission i s called MAKE LIPS LAST LUNCH. In THE BEST MISSION EVER, YOU HAVE 5 MINUTES TO STEAL LIP'S CAR, BUT A BOMB IN IT, AND RETURN IT IN MINT CONDITION SO LIPS WONT NOTICE THAT HIS CAR WAS ATTACHED WITH A BOMB. Its pretty hard becuase there are morons driving like nuts so you have to get ur car fixed a couple of times before you actual reach the restarant with the car. Only thing i dont like is that some missions are too hard and ur forced to use cheats.IN ONE OF THE MISSIONS I HAD TO USE A TANK. SO I USED THE TANK CHEAT.I DIDNT WANT PEOPLE DRIVING IT CAUSE ITS TOO POWERFUL. SO I HAD TO DESTROY IT. MY FREND SAYS THE BAZOOKAS WILL DESTORY IT. SO I DID THE WEAPONS CODE AND THAT DIDNT WORk. so now i was stuck with a stupid tank and tons of weapons (that i didnt want cause i dont like cheating)I ended up driving the tank into the water killing the tank and me (which takes away my weapons)To put it simply, BUY THIS GAME!!!
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is rated M for a very good reason.  This is the exact opposite of Disney.  You can pretty much kill whoever you want, wherever, and the best part.....however.  But that's not what the games about. Nope, it's about you being a henchman for the mafia and several other gangs.  There is a story is the game and it's good!The graphics in this game are pretty good.  They're not like FFX or MGS2.  There is some pop up and the game is sort of slow but that's because of all the stuff it's putting on the tv.STUFF TO DO: You can car jack any car you see.  There are a lot of different cars in this game and they do handle differently.  There's a radio in each car and there's several different stations.  You can listin to rap, rock, talking, whatever.  You can also walk around, people actually talk, and you can also drive a boat or an airplane.  You can do the story missions or do the extra missions too.  You can walk around beating people up and being chassed by the cops and even the army!The story is really just a bunch of missions for you to do.  But there are quite a few of them and they aren't really repetitive.  They range from finding, and killing a guy to escorting a truck get safely to a hideout.  The voice acting is also well done.The control is ok except when you use some of the weapons.  You get used to it after a while but at first, you'll die a lot.One thing everyone should know is that this game IS NOT for kids.  If you have a 5 year old kid, get Pac Man World 2 or something else. This game has MATURE subject matter.  There is a lot of blood, violence, and sex.  No nudity but there is prostitues.  You can see the car shake and then if you feel like it, kill them afterwards, and get you're money back.  You can just walk to any person, take out a bat and beat them to death.  Cops can come but they'll be no more when you can just shoot a rocket at them.  Teens from 14/15+ should be able to play because by then they SHOULD know right from wrong.But, even though it has extreem violence, this game is still fun.  And any adult who likes to play videogames should check this game out.
3	B00005O0I2	This game represents everything that is wrong with the video game industry on a single, shiny disc.  It glorifies just about everything that we used to teach our kids not to do.  A typical mission involves killing a drug dealer with a baseball bat and stealing his car; You can top it all off with a trip to the local bordello to replenish your health (and, if you don't feel like wasting money on a hooker, you can always kill her and take your money back)  Such wonderful lessons these games teach nowadays.  Remember when all we had to worry about was blowing up ICBMs with a trackball?Now, having said that, I want to say that I enjoyed this game a great deal.  I like the open ended nature of the gameplay, I like the fact that they used real actors for the voice acting (instead of the typical "friends of the programmers" that you get in most games)  I even like the different radio stations you can listen to when your driving around in a freshly jacked Humm-vee.  And yes, I even like the backdoor commentary about our revolving door legal system that dumps killers and thieves back on the streets once it catches them (Though it was probably not intentional).But then, I'm 25 years old (probably too old for video games, but that's another argument).  Furthermore, I'm smart enough to know that the behaviors glorified in the game are beyond reprehensible in the real world.  The problem with this game is that there are surely a lot of people playing it who shouldn't be.  And not just the under 17 crowd that shouldn't even be able to look at this game in a store (It should be behind the counter-- like porn at a bookstore), let alone buy it.  I'm talking about that percentage of the market that wants more than a murder simulator.  I don't believe that this game will turn ordinary, peaceable people into cold blooded murderers, but I do believe that there are people teetering on the edge, and that this game won't exactly help them find the path of righteousness.Now, having subjected you to the ranting of my own social conscience, let me discuss the technical merits of the game.  The graphics are first rate.  Your character animates well (though his sprinting animation is downright comical) and the people around him react in realistic ways to his presence.  Cars all look like what they look like, and the streets are amazingly detailed-- you even see old newspapers floating on the breeze.  The weather generator blew my mind.  You'll get sun, fog, light rain, heavy rain, thunder storms (complete with lightning forks in the sky) and all sorts of atmospheric details.The sound is really where this game excels, though.  You'll get snippets of conversations as you walk by people.  Drivers will shout obscenities at you, in various languages, when you block traffic or steal their car.  Car engines sound pretty much all the same, but you won't notice with the radio stations on.  There are nine of them, each representing a different flavor of radio; rap, reggae, classical, latin, pop, oldies and even talk radio are represented, complete with DJs and original songs.The game control is good, but the camera has some problems.  On certain missions, it can be hard to target the person you want to kill, which will result in your untimely demise if you're not fast on your feet.  You can pick from a number of camera angles on foot, and from another set of angles in vehicles, but the default angles are the most useful.Detail can make a game, and this game has the detail.  Everything you do has a consequence (everything, of course, except killing people-- for that they just make you start over).  If you leave a car in the middle of the street, it will create a traffic jam, where you can hear everyone honking and screaming at the empty car.  People fall down when you bump into them.  If you sprint too far, your character will double over and catch his breath.  When you hire a prostitute, the car rocks and squeaks as you (ahem) recharge.  Aiming a gun at passersby will get a variety of reactions.  Some will put up their hands and scream. Others will take out their own guns and shoot you (and who said that concealed carriers don't stop crime?).  Your car leaves tiremarks on the road when you use the handbrake.  Your car takes damage exactly as you would expect it to.  Doors dent, windows smash, fenders crumple and hoods buckle just as you would expect them to after hitting a fire hydrant doing 60 mph.  In fact, hitting a fire hydrant produces the requisite geyser from where the hydrant was.Summing up, there are things called guilty pleasures, and this is certainly one of them.  If I could change one thing in the game industry, it would probably be to stop this game (and even the two prequels) from ever being made.  But I can't, and it's here.  I may as well enjoy it.  And I do, this game is a lot of fun.And if you can handle it, you'll probably think so too.  Just remember; the next time you hear about some riot in Seattle killing people and destroying property, games like this promoted it.  It's not cause and effect, but it's an environmental factor that we can't afford to ignore.  (Go back and read the first clause in that last sentence again, in case you want to characterize me as a disciple of Tipper Gore.) So have fun, but think.
3	B00005O0I2	This game, though not as fun as Vice City, is GREAT. It's an instant classic, if only it had the motor cycles! It's alot of fun, long hours of gameplay, lots of secrets, lots of mini-games, and lots of killin' to be done. If you haven't played Vice City, check this one out! But, without helicopters and bikes...well it just doesn't stand up...anymore!
3	B00005O0I2	I just want to say how much I love this game. This is the kind of the game that could keep you busy days upon days. I have just recently beat it. There are some easy and hard missions, but it's still a great game. I really love exploring though. If you only buy 1 game for the PS2, buy this one. You will not be dissapointed. I can't wait for Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
3	B00005O0I2	There is lots of action like in every GTA game and the voice acting is good like in every game. The missions are always fun and interesting to play. GTA 3 is one of the best games made for PS2 along with San Andreas and Vice City. GTA 4 is gonna be the best game made for Xbox 360 and PS3. I can't wait! It's gonna be AWESOME!!!
3	B00005O0I2	This game is exactly what you have heard it is. It's wild out of control fun. You are a desperate guy out on the streets of a rough city looking to get paid for doing mob bosses dirty work. You steal cars, start fights in the street, launch rockets into peoples driver side windows, and even hit old ladies over the head with a baseball bat. And the best part of all? It's NOW in 3-D. If you loved GTA1 and 2 on PS1, your gonna think this is the best game you have ever played, fun wise. You can either play the missions (which are fun) or go around causing hell. It's fun either way you do it. There are also tons of cheat codes available, which give you all weapons, 100% health, and all the other odds and ends that make cheat codes a perfect compliment for this game. There are the positives.Negatives? Not many if your just looking for a fun game. The only thing is it may get old running around blowing things up after a while. It's not as story driven as a Max Payne (one of the greatest games in gaming HISTORY) or Metal Gear Solid, but it's fun. Take it for what it's worth. It's one of those games you have to have with PS2. Not the greatest game on the system, but probably the most entertaining. Enjoy!!
3	B00005O0I2	the PS2 game the brought GTA from a top down to a perfect and colorful world. If you love GTA or just want to add this to your collection it is an awesome addition. Great game play and a nice update to a fantastic classic.
3	B00005O0I2	3 is the best GTA game, no offense to Vice City which would be released after this but 3 gave us a big city and big action, falls short of Max Payne though, but it is a great game, to add on to the great 2001 year.
3	B00005O0I2	I bought this game last winter when it was still new because everyone was talking about how fun it was.At first, I didn't want to buy it because I really don't like car games.  But I gave it a chance and it ended up as my favorite game of all time.  And really, it isn't all about cars.You take the role of a man who was betrayed by his girlfriend during a bank robery and left to take the blame.  You first start out in "Portland Veiw" where you must go around doing missions for people.  Many of the missions are killing your assigner's enimies.After completeing so many missions in Portland, you move onto a place called Staunton Island.  And after that, Shoreside Vale.The missions aren't plain and boaring, they have a plot and tie in with the story which has many twist, turns, bumps and curves in it.And when you get tired of doing missions, you can just go around, "barrowing" the best of cars and crusing around or just running around around by foot and starting fights.  There are also side missions such as a taxi driver which you have to option of doing after you steal a taxi.  Then there is a police officer type of mission you can do when you have a police car and even a paramedic mission you can do when you have an ambulance in which you pick up injured people and drive them to the hospital in a sertain amount of time.Grand Theft Auto 3 has a lot to offer and is a "must-have" for people who have a Playstation 2.  (Just keep the kiddies away from it)
3	B00005O0I2	This game is among the best shooting games out there. A long game with some real fun and challenging missions. You should go out and buy it, trust me it'll be worth your money.
3	B00005O0I2	Video game evolution, starting 1990:First there was Wolfenstein 3D. Then there was DooM. Then, for a long period of time there was nothing interesting; until now.This game doesn't have flashy graphics, or great music or sound effects - at least nothing that isn't surpassed by the likes of Hideo Kojima's Metal Gear and the like. But the gameplay of GTA 3 is nothing short of awesome. You can do just about everything you always wanted to - steal/deface/explode cars, rob/beat/kill people/innocent bystanders/cops, drive tanks and trucks, hire prostitutes... ahem...And the city is alive - you don't feel like you're playing a game, so much as wandering around a real city, with real people, with real neighborhoods, which even feature different types of cars - from trash to posh.Did I say it doesn't have great music or sound effects? That would be selling the game short - the radio alone will keep you entertained, often comatose with hilarity - from the commercials, to the talk radio, to the soundtrack of Scarface (yeah, Scarface).Anyway, worth every penny. Best game I've played since DooM. And I don't use the phrase so often. Or ever, for that matter.
3	B00005O0I2	This is a game that is not for young kids.  If you let your kid play this, you are condoning drugs, guns, car crashes, killings, and more.  It is a fun game and, if you know the difference between right and wrong, you will have fun playing it.
3	B00005O0I2	And I'm not joking this is quite possibly the best game ever created. You got a whole world open to possiblites(good or bad it's your choice)and you have the freedom to do whatever you want(wether that be slaughter innoccent civilians with a Uzi or be a cab driver(or is there a difference? JUST KIDDING! But heck in this game you can do both!). This game is chock full of side games apart from the main plot like be a cab driver, or be a fireman or a vigilante cop or just cruise around in a stolen car! This game has alot of dark humour wich you will find out once you play it. Anyway I reccomend only mature people(that does not necessarily mean people over the age of 18)should play this. This is a must own if you have a PS2. I guarantee endless hours of fun!
3	B00005O0I2	From the violence, to the storyline, to the environment, this game has it all! Don't let anyone tell you any differently. A new frontier for video games.
3	B00005O0I2	I know you all know of this game so I will dispense with my raving on it and simply get down to the nitty gritty.  This game is the most unique game available for any console I have played so you have to at least rent it once or twice.  THe reason I am reviewing is to just express some dislikes of the game.  One the aiming method is extremely difficult and frustrating.  It takes lots of practice and even then you will still miss a lot.  GTA 3 has brought back the old style of Metal Gear Solid one where you can't really see what your aiming at.  Now hopefully they will take a page out of Konami's book and put in first person aiming for all weapons in the next installment.  The other problem I have with this game is that you can survive harowing car crashes, bloody fist fights, gun shot wounds, and explosions but your guy can't swim.  Quite possibly the dumbest part of the game can be when your trying to get in a boat and you fall in the water and bam your dead.  Give me a break.  In a game where you can pick up prostitutes and then rob them after some business you'd think you would know how to at least doggy paddle.  Anyway other then those two minor flaws the game is the most entertaining game I have ever owned.  I generally only buy 2 or 3 games for a system and rent the rest.  THe ones I keep are the games I play over and over and this is surely one of them.
3	B00005O0I2	When anyone looks back on 2001, and tries to choose the best game of the year, Grand Theft Auto III is the obvious choice. Not without its fair share of controvesy and complaints from shocked parents, this Mature rated game is just that mature. Children really shouldn't play this at all. Cursing is not as apparent as the scare tactics would have you believe, and when you do shoot someone it is pretty gory, but you usually don't have to. Some of the missions revovle around "working girls" and this can be a cause of concern. If you are mature enough to handle all this you should defineatly buy Grand Theft Auto.It has more to offer then any other game I have ever played. You can play the missions for the mob bosses in pretty well any order you want, or you can steal an ambulance to do the ambulance missions, a firetruck to do the firetruck missions, and a poilce car or a tank to do vigilante missions. If this doesn't tickle your fancy, you can just go around the huge 3-D enviornment of Liberty City and go on your own crime wave. Liberty City is huge and you steal any car that's not tied down and drive till your blue in the face. Very simillar to the gaming experiance on Driver II. Or you go around on foot, like a prototype version of Max Payne. Driver II plus Max Payne equals a great replay value. This game is definatley worth your fifty bucks.There are three huge areas, Portland, where you start out, Staunton Island, then Shoreside Vale. Each area adds some new cars. Cars aren't the only way to travel in Liberty City though, you can go by train, by subway, by boat, plane, and on foot, at different ocassions through this great game, that never gets old. There's really only three buildings you can go into to but the game doesn't lack for anything as a result. You can go into a gun shop called Ammu-Nation, spray shops, and 8-ball's bomb shop. There's seven gangs, a great cast of characters and great writting, with great graphics,sound, and value.A Video Game Website's RatingGameplay- 9Graphics- 9Sound- 10Value- 10Tilt- 10Overall- 9.6SuperbMy RatingGameplay- 9.5Graphics- 9Sound- 10Value- 10Tilt- 10Overall- 9.7SuperbBottom Line: Grand Theft Auto III is the game to own and if you are mature enough to handle it, buy it, you won't be sorry. If you feel you are too weak hearted, rent it first but trust me, the game is the best to come along in years.
3	B00005O0I2	Video games have always taken a lot of flack for levels of violence, especially since graphics and sound became much more realistic in the 1990s, with games like Night Trap and Mortal Kombat drawing national attention.  Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto 3 is the latest in a long line of games that continues to push the envelope of what, exactly, is acceptable and tasteful.The first two GTA games became best-sellers because of their wacky, cartoon-style look, arcade-style gameplay, and over-the-top violence.  The "plot" of the GTA games is that the players takes the role of a wannabe gangster, who performs a variety of jobs to earn money.  The high score was the amount of money you received, and doing jobs for gangs made you a lot of bucks.  You also got money from causing mayhem and destruction, and the play was totally open-ended, allowing you to steal any car, go just about anywhere, and kill anyone for cash or just malice.GTA3 takes this premise and moves it to an entirely different level, with mixed results.  Rockstar abandoned the PC as a platform and moved the series entirely to the Play Station 2, allowing for a completely immersive 3-D environment.  The game is no longer so open-ended, as there is a definite plot with definite missions that the player must accomplish, but it maintains the features that allow you to basically go around and do whatever you want, so long as your mission clock isn't running.In addition to the typical GTA activities like carjacking, murder, and running down pedestrians, you can now become a taxi-driver, firefighter, or even vigilante cop for some extra money and other bonuses.  They've added other options like an airplane to fly and more vehicles and weapons than you can imagine.  You can now hire prostitutes to regain health, [and dispatch of all sorts of unsavory types](you get a truly gruesome death animation).All in all, it makes for a unique, dynamic, and completely immersive gaming experience.  GTA3 is a game like no other, and offers at least 80 hours of play, impressive for any game these days.  The problem is that it's a little too realistic.  Part of the fun of the other two games was the cartoon-style feel, which is absent here - although you're doing the same wacky stuff, it's in the context of a much more "real" universe, and even for veteran games, it can be a little disturbing at times considering how life-like everything seems.  There is even a code to add more blood and options for shooting off limbs.  Driving is much more realistic as well, as you can no longer just hit the gas and speed through the streets - you actually have to brake for turns, or else your car will roll over.  As you hit things, the appropriate part of the vehicle will take damage, and doors and bumpers fly off as you go down the road.The game is rated "M" for "Mature," and it's rated so for a reason: some adults I know couldn't handle a game like this.  Although it looks to be a very popular Christmas gift this season, it isn't one that the average child - or the average teenager - should be playing.  I'm not sure the average person should even be playing this game, unless he or she has a strong stomach, a twisted sense of humor, and a strong differentiation between fantasy and reality.The game itself plays very well, but some of the buttons are mapped strangely.  You can select different camera angles, including the classic "top-down" look of the old games, but that is almost useless as there are streets and sidewalks stacked on top of each other.  The entire game has a very gritty, foggy feel to it, making power-ups hard to see at times.  The control itself is responsive, but can seem a little sluggish, and there are times when it is very difficult to manipulate your character into tight areas.I must recommend this game, but offer an all-important caveat: it's not for everyone, least of all children.  Use your maturity, discretion, and taste, and prove wrong those who say we cannot regulate ourselves.
3	B00005O0I2	I keep hearing rumors of a recall of GTA 3 and re-releasing it with less violence.  Let me tell you, that ploy would completely ruin the purpose.  I absolutely fell in love with the freedom of the game as soon as I began playing it.  I abandoned my car and went on a murderous rampage with my baseball bat, beating hookers, drug dealers, gang members, pimps, old people, and cops (...).  I had even more fun later in the game when I picked up the 12-gauge and took out 2 or 3 people with one shell.  Earning my health back from (...) and then smoking them and getting my money back was a joyous occasion indeed, as was just causing mindless carnage while listening to tenoresque music and killing as many civvies and cops as I could.  The missions fill me right up with pride, as I have completed my runs for the Leone family (due to back-stabbing circumstances on their behalf) and now erradicate miscellaneous troublemakers for the Japanese syndicates.It's no question that this game contains scenes of intense violence and suggestive themes.  It's all there, everything out of Goodfellas.  That is what makes the game so enjoyable.  It has the courage to be so totally different from all the rest.  That is why it gets such rave reviews and sells so well.  Some of the missions are tedious and extremely dangerous.  Word from the wise: use a car to kill (...).  Never get out.  If the target is inside a moving vehicle, then stock up on grenades and hurl them at their car while having a vehicle standing by.  Some instances force you to get out and use your guns, but by that time, you have the sniper rifle in your arsenal, an invaluable piece of equipment.  In general though, listen to Rodney King and STAY IN YOUR CAR.Conclusively, this game is nothing short of flawless.  Being of the sort who find conventional racing games boring and repetitive, I am very, very impressed with the premise, since it combines a role-playing adventure with crazy driving through a city (where you actually get to hit pedestrians!!!  Take that, Driver!!!).
3	B00005O0I2	Writing a review for this game right now would be pointless. If you have a PS2, just buy the game (be aware of the ERSB rating). Probably the best game of the year, GTA3 is totally new concept in gaming. You can choose linear or non-linear gameplay, which means thata at any given time, you can do whatever you want. To make it short and fast:Highs- Excellent gameplay and cool storyline- Virtually every object is usable- HUGE scenario, the whole city for yourself- Big weapon arsenal- Real physics while driving- Cops got high IQ- See it for yourself&#65533;Lows- The guy can&#65533;t swim&#65533;- Graphics cold get better in the futureVerdict:Just buy it. Fun factor (5/5).
3	B00005O0I2	This is a 10 year old classic crime drama action driving game. At its core it is two types of game, a driving and an action game. The driving is simple, easy and a lot of fun. One button to go forward, one to go backward, directional pad left and right to steer, a button to get out and so on. The action part is simple as well, directional pad to run, hold one button to take aim with a gun and another to shoot. There is a jump, run and a button to get into vehicles.Grand Theft Auto 3 is a mission based game yet it is very open world / sandbox. You take on one mission at a time, anything from driving someone from point A to B to slaying a gang or killing someone. Needless to say this is a violent game (guns, blood, car slaughter) with harsh language, drinking and so on. The missions in this game are relatively simple compared to future Grand Theft Auto games like Vice City and San Andreas. Missions are given by characters that are easy to find. The voice acting is good and your character has no voice, so the missions are mostly being ordered around. When you're not in a mission, you can take side missions like driving a taxi, vigilante in a cop car and driving an ambulance.The random fun comes from the sandbox like world. When you commit crimes your wanted level raises, when you have a higher wanted level different forces chase after you. Police, swat, FBI, and the army. Traffic patterns, pedestrials and gangs all contribute to the random chaos that can add to the excitement and enjoyment of your missions or even walking around.There are a few types of weapons, pistols, shotguns, explosives and rifles. But you can only hold one weapon of each type at a time. The vehicles are nice and you can only drive four wheeled vehicles, which is fine, but if you played Vice City before this... it is a step backward.In all, this game is a good game and at the time it was fantastic, but then Vice City and San Andreas came out that surpass this game by leaps and bounds. GTA 3 doesn't have the personality, charm, liscensed music and fun as Vice City or San Andreas. The challenge seems to be more difficult and less fun than those two games as well especially once you get the gangs angry at you.
3	B00005O0I2	This has to be the best of all of the Grand Theft Auto series.  The gameplay is amazing, graphics are amazing, and the physics engine is phenominal and mind-boggling.  The second I got this game, I did nothing for three full days but playing it.  The game is addictive, especially if you were addicted to the original GTa games (I still play the first).  Overall, the game is horribly amazing and well worth the money.
3	B00005O0I2	The game is good but doesn't have the same feel as VC or SA but then again all of the Liberty City based GTAs seem to have bleak gloomy feel to it.
3	B00005O0I2	Crime does pay. Just take Grand Theft Auto 3 for a spin and after 5 minutes, you'll see what I mean. Because this isn't the 2D paper graphic crime-sim found in the first two instalments that made you sick to your stomach trying to move around the city. Third times the charm they say, as now there's a huge 3D world of pedestrians, mobsters, cars, guns and even pimps just waiting to be mauled by your hand. Tempted? Who wouldn't be? After all Grand Theft Auto 3 is the most incredible game I've seen in a long time, it shattered all expectations I had for it, and let me tell you I was expecting a hell of a lot from this one.You're the nameless thug once again, a small-time crook who's betrayed and left for dead during a bank robbery gone stale. Now, an escaped convict, with the help of a bombs expert 8-Ball, you'll easily become Liberty Cities number one with a bullet in no time. Jobs begin small, giving rides to various mafia members, stealing cars and occasionally clubbing someone to "customers" of your employers, but as you move you're way up, you'll soon find yourself performing tasks worthy of "The Professional" stature. There are various people and organizations who will offer jobs around the city; these can be accepted by stopping by their place of business or answering pay phones on the street. And if completed you'll be rewarded with cold hard cash and accomplishing certain mission's gives you access to new weapons and safe houses.Along with money, comes protection just like the others which is a very nice addition to Grand Theft's gameplay, if the cops are after you and are led to an area where you have accomplished missions (Lets say the Mafia area) the mobsters walking on the street will help kill them off. However, along with this comes my first complaint with Grand Theft Auto 3, progressing through the story you're bound to make one group pissed off, therefore, any time you may be walking through they'll try to kill you, which is believable when you're on foot since they have a face to see but these people even know it's you when you're in a car with tinted windows! This makes in extremely frustrating when certain missions require you to back track. Apparently they still haven't seen a need to fix that problem that even plagued the first two.The missions offered contain a nice versatile selection, throughout the game so you won't feel like you're repeating the same task again and again just with the difficulty levelled up. It can vary from little tasks like swatting some annoying drug dealers scattered around the city, stealing fancy automobiles for a collector and escorting your mob bosses in a limo to a meeting. However, once the kiddy work is over, things really heat up, blowing up a docked ship in the harbor, breaking someone out of prison and holding off a group of heavily armed Columbians with military class weaponry. Fortunately these missions increase at a nice pace so you'll never feel that the task is too hard and way out of your leagueA very helpful addition to Grand Theft Auto's gameplay is the ability to prepare for you missions, if you play through once and fail, you can take the job again, but this time around if you now what to expect you can literally use the city to your advantage. For example, in one mission you must kill a Godfather like character before he reaches his mansion; he has two escort cars containing armed personnel. So, remember where his house was and utilizing the gate that leads into his mansion, I set two vans in the way of the entrance so his limo would have to push pretty hard to break through. Using this time, I jumped on top of one of the parked vans and shot his guards, then dropped a grenade onto his hood and ran for cover. And you'd better believe it worked.This game has so much freedom in all the things you can do, as you probably guess from what I said above, it seems like the game that contains all of those times when you said "I wish I could do that" in a game. You can steal any car you want and even keep it by parking it in a garage so it's there whenever you want it, plow down sidewalks, leap off of ramps, ride in a police boat armed with machine guns or find a nice rooftop and pick off people with a sniper rifle. So much freedom, you'll say this is a "real" world.The cities are huge and connected in three parts, and get this the only time this game has to load (which is only about 6 seconds within itself) is when you go to a different part of the city you could spend as long as you want in one area and never have a loading time, or even a split-second of slowdown. Every you'll visit is huge with people littering the streets, some of which may even try to steal your car if you're not paying attention. There's dozens of classes for pedestrians you'll encounter, the rich girl, hillbilly, gangster, prostitutes, bums (some even have a bottle of alcohol that can be used as a Molotov cocktail) and my favourite the gay construction worker. All of them spit out various one liners that are quite amusing, as are the many radio ads and call-in-shows like Chatterbox, they all work to give things a better sense of reality.But cause enough trouble and the boys in blue will come running. Your "Wanted Meter" is displayed by 6 stars, if one lights up you'll have officers on foot who'll try to beat you down, get two stars and they'll use guns, three and the police helicopters come as well as the S.W.A.T. teams. And if you survive four, the fifth will bring M-16 toting F.B.I. agents and if all else fails, six stars brings in the tanks, by then, you're pretty much screwed, buy kudos for lasting that long. When arrested you'll automatically fail any mission that's in progress and wind up at the police station (feel free to take one of the parked police cars if you'd like), or when you're life reaches zero you'll wind up at the hospital, but rest easy knowing there's no lives or the number of chances you get. You can keep coming back as often as you want.Here I've written two pages and almost on my third, and there's still so much to tell about what Grand Theft Auto 3 has to offer. So I'm better off just saying that Grand Theft Auto 3 is by far the most fun I've had in years. A fan of the first two or not, I can guarantee everyone will love this game as much as I did, you'd be insane not to add this to your PS2 collection.
3	B00005O0I2	1. steal over 60 different kinds of cars2. run over people with your car3. make time with prostitutes4. do insane stunts for $5. rob people on the street for their $6. get the cops on your back7. change your license plate &amp; paint your car to fool the cops8. earn money as a taxi driver9. Put out fires in a firetruck.10. Bust bad guys in a cop car.11. get people to safety in an ambulence12. buy guns or beat people up who have them13. take a boat ride in the &quot;reefer&quot; or &quot;speeder&quot;14. listen to 10 different radio stations with over 30 min of different music/commericals15. take the subway around Liberty City16. steal an airplane at the airport17. take a train ride18. enter a car race and get money19. honk your horn at people so they get out of your way20. kill people for large sums of money21. find hidden packages22. ram into cars for money23. put a bomb in your car and make it blow up24. snipe people off the roofs of buildings25. receive beeper messages giving important info26. smack people with a baseball bat in the park27. make distractions for others to bomb things28. improve your criminal rating.29. pick up hoes in your car.30. deliver drugs from place to place.31. watch detailed cinema scenes with excellent voiceovers.32. feel the vibration from crashing into things33. do slaughter missions by killing large amounts of people in a certain amount of time.34. help people rob banks35. get negative comments from numerous types of people36. save your data at your home and a certain car along with it37. use a GPS map to help get your way around the large islands.38. Get the LCPD(Liberty City Police Department), FBI, Swat team, and even the army on your case for your actions.39. explore sound options and the brightness of screen.40. run from the cops or just walk casually.41. have lock-on aim or zoom in on your enemy.42. get randomly placed heatlh, armor, and wanted level items scattered around the neighborhood.43. loose $ by dying, failing a mission, or getting killed by the cops.44. take a car to the crusher45. blow up a boat with a bazooka.46. complete several missions with no importance of order in which they are completed.47. collect pornography magazines for El Borro.48. Find secret passages and hidden alleys.49. experience different weather climates, night and day, and base missions on the times.50. Have endless hours of fun.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is the best game to grace the entire world. I can't emphasis enought on how great this game plays, looks and the life span is. To be honest with you I wasn't intereted in any of the previous gta games back on the playstation and the PC. I hated the constant birdseye view through the previous games which was one of the major reasons why I ignored them. But this game took me by surprise. One of the main resons why I fell for this game is because of the amazing graphics and the amount of good reviews this game was getting. Another good aspect is that you don't have to play any of the other Gta games to understand whats going of in the game. Its all at the start where you know whats going of. Another reason why I really think this game is all it is because it gives you the complete freedom to do anything you want to do. Whether beating up someone and getting their money in the process stealing someone's car getting a protitute and giving it her in the car with the car rocking up and down in the process. There are a few minor dense in the game like for e.g there is no in game music all the music comes from the vehicle that you are in. No motorbike like in the second one thats all about it.
3	B00005O0I2	What can i say about this game that has not already been said?This is the most complete videogame I have ever played. And I owned a pong system from Radio Shack, Atari 2600 all the way thru the PS2. And this game has it all.Yes, you have heard about the foul language, adult themes and violence. But, for anyone who watches HBO regularly, it will seem perfectly normal.You can choose from some excellent missions, ride around in cabs, firetrucks, police cars and ambulances for points. Or, just roam the city stealing cars, doing insane jumps, breaking things, killing people and being a general nuisance. I have spent hours just racing around looking for jumps while I listened to the talk radio station. Oh yeah, the radio stations are hilarious, entertaining and not just a throw-in. This game sweats the details. You will appreciate the care put into this title, no matter what your passion is. If you own a PS2, then you MUST buy this game.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of the most entertaining games that I have ever played on this system. It is beautifully rendered, has great gameplay, the characters are odd but interesting, and it has a unique sense of humor that I have not seen in any game prior to it's release. Extreamely dark, twisted. Almost immoral. But funny all the same. But, due to the huge amount of blatant violence, it is not for everyone (and definitely not for kids under 20!) I recommend it if you are looking for a different approach to gaming, and, ultimately, life. (I would hate to have to live a life like this, but it is sure interesting to live it vicariously through the main character.) Great fun.
3	B00005O0I2	Why do I say what I do for my headline. Simple. I think it's true. Warning. This game is (obviouly) not for young children. It has some pretty salty language and LOTS of violence. Then again it does cast you in the role of a gangster, so consider that a fair warning.On the lighter side of this, the violence is rampant but a bit over the top. Too much blood but that's not a complaint. I think what makes this fun is that it gives a real feel of being able to run around the city and do whatever you want. Graphically and soundwise it's great stuff. There's just something about feeling like you're wandering about the city day or night, prowling, looking for a target to cause some mischief on. This thing definitely appeals to the more mischievious and darker side of people. Want a car? Go grab one. Somebody cussed you out on the freeway? You can totally disintegrate their car. Any act of vehicular mayhem is possible. Call me sick but I got a rush (of sorts) of listening to a beautiful Italian aria on my car radio as I blasted down the freeway AND on occasion down the sidewalks mowing down everything in the path of my vehicle. (Note: I am NOT a violent person and I do NOT advocate violence as an answer to problems PLEASE understand this.)To make a long story short I think what makes this game work is that it has an incredible sense of immersion in city life (ie: The radio stations in the car AND the ability IF YOU WANT TO, to be able to play a paramedic, a cop, or a taxi driver). No other driving game or first person shooter that I know of gives you this much freedom. This game could best be said to appeal as mentioned before to person's darker more mischievious side. It could definitely and EASILY be classified as a &quot;guilty pleasure&quot;. It gives a way to have fun, with a macabre and slightly goofy sense of being &quot;in control&quot;. You could even say it gives you a &quot;harmless&quot; way to take out your aggressive instincts and relieve stress by &quot;getting even&quot; with the characters in the game that just plain &quot;rub you the wrong way&quot;. It lets you be &quot;nasty&quot; without really doing it (See my comment on not advocating violence, as I hope that in real life you would NOT pay someone back for cussing at you by blasting them with a flamethrower).Anyway, the sense of immersion and the twisted sense of fun is what sells this thing for me. That's why I like it so much. Give it a try. Who knows?  You might like it too. If you do like it, then I wish you many hours of fun with it. If not, that's your right too. Peace.
3	B00005O0I2	Non-linear gameplay in Liberty City is an extrememly fun and rewarding gameplay experience.  There's no question that when this came out in stores it was everyone's favorite game.  Mafia, Columbian Cartels, and Triads were some of the main gangs that inhabited the streets.  There's almost nothing about this game that isn't challenging except stealing cars when there aren't any cops around.  This game is still fun, but if you've played Vice City or San Andreas before this, than it's not that ammusing.
3	B00005O0I2	Rockstar did a fantastic job paying attention to all the minute details of this game.  Grand Theft Auto III goes a long way to show off what the PlayStation 2 is capable of.  They have generated a giant city and paid close attention to all the little details involved including the way cars show signs of damage, leaving of bloody footprints while running away from recent victims, radio stations in the car with chatty DJs, the ability to steal boats, and you can even see your character shift gears when he steals a manual convertible.  Rockstar obviously spent a lot of time adding many unnecessary and brilliant touches to the game.  This game is quite mature.  There's a lot of often bloody violence, plenty of adult language, and great amounts of sexual innuendo.  Keep away from children!The basic premise of the game is similar to earlier versions.  You're a criminal mercenary who'll sell your services to the various gang bosses for money.  Yet, unlike the previous Grand Theft Auto games, this one has a consistent and progressing story line.  You start by helping out those that busted you from jail, but once they betray you it's time to start doing work for their enemies.Your actions come with consequences.  Hits against the gangs will make them start shooting at you the moment they see you.  Often I'd be driving in the game and just start hearing random gunshots.  A quick look at the map would show me that I was on turf controlled by a gang I'd upset one too many times.  Far more entertaining, hits against the cops will get the man on your back.  There's a police response indicator that goes from cops just trying to pull you over to the military calling martial law on the city to hunt you down.If you need to round up some extra cash in the game, there are four sub-games to help you do it.  Steal a cop car and go on a vigilante run.  Steal a taxi and you're playing Crazy Taxi.  Steal an ambulance and get people to the ER.  Steal a fire truck and put out fires.The handling in the game is amazing.  Every car handles differently and just how you would expect.  There are fast sports cars, top heavy mini-vans, dump trucks, buses and even boats.  They all have a different feel for handling, fish tailing, and breaking with either the normal breaks or parking break.  Different types of cars have horns, sirens, even the ice cream truck can play its wonderful music for you.  This game easily could have just been a racing game and done well for itself.One of the PS2's biggest problems is load times, but GTA3 does a superb job of avoiding them.  You'll here the game loading almost continuously in the background for cars, terrain, people and all the amazing features, but very rarely will the game actually pause to do a load.  Based on the incredibly detail of the game, it's great that they avoided almost any pauses for loading.There are a few places I could see some improvement, but they are mostly just minor polishing issues.  The game cheats from time to time.  I once pushed a villain's car over a cliff into the ocean, only to find it re-appeared slightly down the streets.  Your car can become quite flammable on certain missions they want you to do on foot.  The cop's AI takes no account for personal safety when they're hunting you down as the blindly crash into each other and innocents while trying to get you.  Cars tend to crash into each other a lot, and I especially like turning on a siren on a bridge and watching them drive off the sides in an attempt to pull over.Replay value is amazingly high for a story based game!  Even when you finish the story line, you'll want to improve your "insane stunt" high scores and continue to play with the various sub games in the emergency vehicles.  Trying to take down as many cops before they get you is also incredibly fun, even if it doesn't advance you at all.My final recommendation is if you're a mature audience, this game is a must.
3	B00005O0I2	This is a fun game. The graphics are not that good, but they're sufficient, but the action is to die for. You basically have the power to do anything on here. From mowing people down to running over them with a tank. The radio is gut-busting hilarious!!! I didn't care too much for the other stations on there, but ChatterBox with LazzLow will make you die laughing. Impressive, most impressive.
3	B00005O0I2	We have had a ton of fun with this one. I'm still no good at it but it is a blast.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is quite possibly the best game on the PS2.  I rented it yesturday, and I wish that I'd bought it.  You play this bad guy who is working for this mob boss.  Now you can do the missions or do your own thing.  You walk down the graphic city, jacking any car you want, including cop cars, ambulances, convertibles, etc.  There are mini games too.  Jack a cop car, you can get money for killing as many bad guys as you can in 5 minutes.  Grab an ambulance and rush people to the hospital ASAP.  Grab a taxi and get people where they need to go Crazy Taxi style.While you drive, tune into any of an enormous number of radio stations, inclding my favorite, a talk show with some hilarious guests.  Not once has a song or talk topic been repeated.  While you look for a car, use guns, bats and other weapons to intimidate people.  Watch out for cops, they'll take you down hard if you have a gun, once they even called in a chopper to get me.  Realistic weather effects too, rain, fog, etc are very good looking.But jeez, this game is fun, has some heavy cussing though, but I don't mind.  It's kinda funny to be given the finger by and old lady that you almost ran over.  Very gory when you shoot someone or run em over.  GET IT if you liked Driver 1 or 2, or any other GTA game.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 has got to be the best game out for the PS2. This is partially to it's vast city, superb sound, and complexity/attention to detail. This game also pushes the envelope as far as the "M" rating goes. Usually, games are rated Mature for suggestive themes or violence. This Game flat out begs to be slapped with the mature rating. Violence, language, sexual innuendo, and overall warped game developers. Countless beatings await the citizens of Liberty city by way of fists, bats, cars, and a vast array of weaponry. Any Parent allowing a child to either play or own this game should have been tested before they procreated! Simple, look at the ratings and adhere to them! This game offers hours of fun and running from gangs, Mafia, cops, FBI, and the Army! Plenty of voice overs and the in game radio offers over 300 minutes of great sound. While the game does have a few minor bugs, it is still one to own! The visuals are great considering the shear size of the game and the controls are dead on. Buy this game!
3	B00005O0I2	Digital murder/mayhem = fun. This is an irrefutable fact supported by years of clinical research, game programming, and the consumer at large. I can think of no other game that embodies these truths as being self evident, and having the graphic moxy to back it up. To me the previous releases [of GTA] meant well, but the execution (i.e., top down graphics) left much to be desired, and ultimately failed the potential this game has always had. Well, in it's latest evolution all the waiting has finally paid of with huge dividends, and Rockstar has created a game so endearing it's been banned in Australia!Maybe there's something wrong with me, in that I can appreciate, and enjoy, rolling about a fictitious city killing, stealing, and car-jacking as I please. In fact, it gave me great pleasure to walk casually up to seemingly innocent people with a flame thrower, and lighting them up, so to speak. In fact by the time I got around to finishing the game, I had garnered some 45,000+ kills. That takes a lot of time to accomplish, but I was willing and able.This game is simply amazing, and ultimately, it probably says a lot about the people who play it. Who can say what my digital blood lust reveals about my character, but I like to think of myself as a relatively well adjusted individual with a penchant for flame throwers in public spaces. Maybe that is the beauty of this game, because the fact that you can take jobs as you please, or simply walk around committing atrocity upon atrocity, brings an aspect of free will to an imaginary world. Killing people, in the game mind you, has it's own rewards. I wonder what Pavlov would have thought if this game had been around in his day. He might very well have said, "screw the friggin' dog, I think I'm really on to something here!" But alas, this is not revisionist history, but simply a humble review of a piece of software that is simply breath taking. It comes with my very highest recommendation and endorsement.
3	B00005O0I2	It is rediculous the way people are acting towards this game blaming Rockstar for their kids getting a hold of this game. It is the parents decision to get them the game. Kids cant buy it themselves. They are also saying that it promotes violence it is not the game that promotes violence it is the way people react to the game that they think if they do this in real life it will happen this way or this wont happen.If people got violence from grand theft auto we will probably be full of gun wielding maniacs shooting everyone they see. It is not the games fault or rockstars fault that some subhuman brainless moron did something stupid that may or may not be related to grand theft auto. I think it doesn't promote violence it actually relieves anger and stress and makes you fell better and have the knowledge that whatever you did in the game wont get you in trouble to all you GTA haters out there go play some barney if you dont like the game it is a good game!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is an amazingly violent game.  Run out of ammo why not bash a guy to death with a baseball bat, or mow-down a couple hundred cops and pedestrians with an uzzi or better yet why not blow them up with a rocket launcher.The game revolves around a main character who happens to be looking for less-than-legal work in the city, and he quickly finds that his special talents are in great demand, especially as he moves up the syndicated crime ladder.  At first I couldn't see the appeal of a game that allows the character to steal cars, just not that fun, yet when I played the game and realized the depth that Rockstar put into this mayhem projector the appeal was clear.Steal a car, or better yet steal a cop car, ambulance, taxi, fire-truck, and you will be able to carry-out more missions.  The police car opens the vigilante mission (surprise), while the ambulance challenges you to take someone safely to the nearest hospital with the fewest bumps possible.GTA 3 offers hours of gameplay for the avid gamer, that is if he/she doesn't use the cheat codes for it.Bottom line: I saw mother's buying this game for their pre-teen children and was a little disturbed, perhaps they just were unaware or simply too willing to please.  This game is playable for the mature teen as the rating would suggest, and would be grossly inappropriate for a young gamer.  In the end you must decide, and if you choose this game it will be fun, albeit a little traumatic even for the seasoned gamer.Jake. M.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is nothing less than genius. Wanton violence, weapons, theft, killing, blood, police chases...it's crazy! There is no limit to the crime you can commit! This game is for anyone who has always wanted...well...just a game with no limits! There is no end to the excitement. A word of warning though: DO NOT give this to young children!!! If you can handle adult situations and are just playing for fun, have at it. There are also a lot of cheat codes; you can look them up on the internet. you can play as any character, get the police to stop or start chasing you, drive a rhino tank, shoot people's limbs off, fly in your car, get full health and armor...check out this game if you just want some good violent action and guys...don't take any of it seriously!!! And if you don't like it, don't play. Don't go trying to censor it and ruin it for everyone else. It's a great game and will keep you busy for hours.
3	B00005O0I2	Both the X-Box and the GameCube have been released now. But games like Grand Theft Auto III show that the Playstation 2 is not going to lose the console battle lying down. The PS2 is starting to have game after game of must-haves. Grand Theft Auto III is definitely one of them, with its unique and entertaining play, and its sights and sounds. All are top-notch.The original Grand Theft Auto was an addicting and original game when it was launched on the original PSX. The carjacking, criminal-thriving game played like no other video game title. The mission-based game play also had the ability to drive around the city, wreaking havoc in a free-for-all around Liberty City, USA. The only thing lacking was the game's graphics. The game featured a top-down view, high from above Liberty City.The newest release has everything that made the original enjoyable, plus graphics and views that are more of the original vision of its developers. GTA3 still allows the player to move through the game, doing missions for thugs, the mafia, crooked cops and the like, or one can just drive around. The view is one immersed within the city, usually directly behind your player/vehicle.The missions you can undertake are a good variety as well. After a month of intense game play, this one hasn't gotten tired or monotonous. The amount of variance and the ability to drive around, ignoring the missions is great. Beyond the missions the player undertakes for the mafia, local businessmen, etc., one can also earn cash by carjacking taxis, police cars and fire trucks. There's always something to do, and it's never the same thing.GTA3 has also added something that I always loved in the Carmageddon series - bonuses for stunts. In GTA3, this takes shape in the form of makeshift ramps setup all over the city. One ramps is a couple of boards, propped up against a subway entrance. They allow one to launch their vehicle up on to the elevated train tracks high above. Upon launching, the view goes into slow motion, allowing you to enjoy the art of a taxicab or muscle car cutting through the air. Bonus money is awarded based on distance, rolls and the landing.When GTA3 is paused, it offers all kinds of adjustments like most games, but also scrolls an extensive list of stats including your stunt bonuses, arrests, missions completed, etc.Another facet of the game that has been perfected is the sound. In the original, when one carjacked a type of car, its radio played a certain type of music. GTA3 is a little different. You can now flip between half a dozen or so radio stations ranging from pop to hip-hop to talk radio. The music is great and the talk radio really parodies real-life AM and NPR stations perfectly. The soundtrack is great, but the voice clips and the voice talent itself, are both incredible and add a lot to the game, including a bit of realism and humor. The voice talent is great and includes some well-known actors including Michael Madsen of Resevoir Dogs fame (Mr. Blonde), Robert Loggia (Lost Highway, American Virgin, Big) and Joe Pantoliano (The Matrix, The Fugitive). The voice actors are featured a lot in the cut scenes that introduce you to your next carjacking/criminal quest. They all seem natural and perfect for their roles. Complete list of voice actors. The voices and comments of drivers pulled out of their cars are pretty amusing and varied as well. Overall, the sights and sounds in GTA3 are right-on.There's very little to complain about here. The only thing that I can really complain about is the fact that GTA3 suffers from the age-old problem of pop-up scenery. As you drive through Liberty, buildings, highways you couldn't see materialize out of nowhere. At the same time, it's a major annoyance and it's pretty impressive that the entire portions of the city can be driven through without pause. As newer areas are unlocked (by previously closed tunnels and bridges opening), there is a super-fast load of the new area, but it's commendable that the rendering and frame rate stay constant and quick throughout.I feel like I've been saying this in a lot of reviews as of late, but this is a must-have for PS2 owners. There are a lot of (bad) titles out there for the PS2, but more and more gems are coming out. GTA III is definitely in my top five. The game is enjoyable and varied. The game has lasting appeal and plays on several levels. I've gotten several games as of late, but this one has logged more hours by far. DMA Design has outdone themselves, making a super-high quality game and really showing off every facet of the PS2. I was thoroughly impressed with it as soon as I popped it into my PS2 and have yet to be anything but.(...)
3	B00005O0I2	This game is just crazy.  You can wreck shop as a small-time thug trying to get back in the game after getting out of lockdown.  Jack cars, shoot cops, run people over (and see their body fly up in the air) (...) this game has it all.Extremely realistic and lots of detail...they did an ace job on this one, go get it now and get off your PC.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is too good for words. But I found some anyway. This game seriously raises the bar for the modern generation video games. It's about a low-life criminal who is shot and left for dead. Now he's back on the streets and wants revenge. You'll have to find a way to get revenge and do some gangs some favors along the way. It is simply amazing. And Vice City is only going to be better. Unless it's exactly the same and they just warp the city and the missions are exactly the same which really would make me mad, but that won't happen because Rockstar and DMA are the best game studios on the planet. But may there be a word of caution for anyone who gets this game, your parents may take it away. Mine did. I got it back four months later. And when I got it back I was hooked all over again. This is one game you can't go without playing for one whole day. I love everything about this game. The cars, the weapons, the bad aim of the enemy gangs, there are a lot of things I love so I'm just going to show you a list now.* Great gameplay* Wonderful plot* Perfect soundtrack which you can listen to on your...* ...Car Radio* Perfectly mapped world* Large world* Great characters and pedestrians* Hilarious speech from pedestrians* Great cars* A big selection of weapons* Perfect mission difficulties* Splendid side quests* Great cut-scenesI could put a lot more adjectives in front of the nouns if I wanted but this is getting tiring and I think you get the point that you should get this game. You shouldn't even be reading this part now! You should be in the checkout line with Grand Theft Auto 3 in you hand waiting to get home and play it! Well, I'm just going to end this now so the bottom line is: Get this game, don't think!
3	B00005O0I2	While many claim that Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, or Final Fantasy X are the games to buy a PlayStation2 for, I believe that Grand Theft Auto 3 is a better game by far.First, the level design is incredibly clever.  The game takes place on three islands that make up the fictional Liberty City.  They're not all availible for exploration in the beginning, but each has its own personality.  Add in a ton of hidden areas, hidden packages, and places to snipe from, and the level design shows itself to be a work of art.The music is given via car radio.  There are a number of different radio stations to listen to, from hip-hop, to trance, to classical, to talk-radio.  Unfortunately, there is no rock station.  The sound effects are good, but not stellar.  Guns sound like guns, helicopters sound like helicopters.  The voice acting is great, featuring a cast of Hollywood stars.The missions are fun, and for the most part, easy.  While you may have to try one or two a few times to get it right, the difficulty level seems to be just right, giving the player a decent challenge without taking away from the flow of the game.I have to disagree with Amazon.com's review about one thing.  Going from island to island isn't difficult if you know where you're going.  While there may not be a straight line to get from point A to point B to point C, it isn't difficult if you take the time to learn each island's basic layout.
3	B00005O0I2	Developer: DMA DesignPublisher: RockstarOrigin: UKThe GTA series are known for their open-ended environments and extremely varied gameplay. But the third installment is something a lot more intense, dynamic, addictive, and a lot more fun.Even though this game is considered to be extremely violent, I think of it as a common M-rated game out there, nothing special in here. The driving part of the game is somewhat close to the Carmageddon series, and the times where you are on foot are the same as an average action game( Max Payne, for example).In GTA3 you play as a common street thug doing favors for the mafia. Your character is set in a huge city, and he will be interacting with all people out there, from hookers to cops, from gangsters to triads. Even though there are over 70 big-time missions in the game, you are free to roam the city, stealing all kinds of vehicles, including fire trucks, ambulances, limos, police cars, taxis, and many, many more. You can do pretty much every thing that you want, but there are consequences. Be bad and cops will be on your tail before you know it, be very bad and the SWATs will give you a hard time, than the feds, and the military. The possibilities in the game are endless.Technically, the game has a solid good side and a bad side. On the good side, you have a big city filled with people, cars, people, and lots of buildings. Buildings include subways, docks, hospitals, mafia mansions, and oh so much more. And all of the features are rendered in 3D with amazing environmental effects such as rain and fog, plus unbelievable time-of-day effects. Yes the game has its day and night, and its own weather. On the bad side though, due to the PS2 hardware capabilities, the framerate is sometimes intolerably shaky, and there is even some lag at times. And the game crashes quite often, with the message: &quot;there was a problem reading the GTA3 DVD&quot;.In conclusion, this game is definitely a must have. The missions alone will take about 100 hours to complete, while you also can steal a cop car and be a vigilantee or gat a cab and be a taxi driver or you can just get cops' attention and than make some wild get-aways. Every aspect of a cool video game is present in GTA3: story, voice acting, graphics, cutscenes, music (you have a selection of radio stations while in the car), gameplay, controls, all are superb. GTA3 - game of the year 2001. Gamespy can't be wrong.
3	B00005O0I2	I don't own a PS2 and I don't want to own one because I think nintendo is better.  But my friend brings his over every week and I love to play this game.  Plus with all the codes he have it is really funny.  So if you own a PS2, this game is a must to own.
3	B00005O0I2	Let me start off with saying: I bought a PS2 (before the pricedrop) specifically for THIS game. I wasn't a fan of the other GTA's because while the theory and atmosphere were OK, the gameplay really blew and the graphics were just too awkward for me. However, GTA3 has changed all that. Not only has it changed it's own format for the better, it has revolutionized gameplay as we know it in a 3rd person format. A perfect combination of story, ambiance, graphics, gameplay and post-end gameplay make this game really worth the [money]. Here are a few reasons why this game is so worth it:Reason 1: The world that they have created is immense. You are playing on three islands that are filled with tons of city streets, city folk walking around and gang members getting into trouble. While you don't really enter any of the buildings (during the ACTUAL gameplay) the sights and sound of the city are so incredible that you really get immersed in the game. Every car is jackable, everyone is robbable and every cop is watching YOU.... This is not even considering the mission based sections which I'll touch on now.Reason 2: The story is actually well written. You basically start out as a thug who gets broken out of prison and hooks up with other gangs to stay alive and make money. That's a pretty brief description but it touches the theme. Throughout the game you do little "jobs" for the various rulers of the city. As time passes you get more trusted, backstabbed and launched up the money ranks until the very end where you fight the ultimate crime sindicate. No spoilers...you have to see for yourself.Reason 3: The gameplay is very intuitive. It took me about an hour to pickup the basic gameplay while on foot AND while in a car. Once you learn the basics you get better at smokin' thugs .... One of the great things that I noticed is that the further you get into the game, the better your "character" becomes at running, driving and avoiding being hit by bullets. Example: at the beginning of the game you can walk, jog and run for about 2-3 seconds before you get really tired and are slowed to a jog again. By the end of the game I was straight running for a full minute before I got tired. Very cool. Same went for the cars. I didn't notice it because I was so used to playing. But when I started a new game after beating it I couldn't handle cars as well as I did in my other game. Brilliant!Reason 4: The ambiance is amazing. Every character walking around will utter something that fits their personality. Granted, after about 20 hours into it you've heard it all, but there's enough of it to not get bored. The cops scream at you to get down and all that cop jazz. Pimps proposition you to check out their "merchandise" .... This is actually seconded by the radio in this game. When you are in cars you have the option to listen to about 6-7 different stations ranging from Rap to Classical. There's even a talk station. All in all I think this game has about 60 hours of original programming, but don't quote me on that. The music is actually really good. AND OH...they actually use the Scarface soundtrack for their "80's" station. It's hilarious and absolutely perfect!Like I said, even though this is a long review, it only touches on the fun I've had playing this game. While the subject matter is completely lacking of humanity and has caused a uprising with the moral majority, there is a reason why this game is considered the best console game made yet. Because it's straight up fun to steal a cab, kill the ex-driver with your uzi and start making money taking fares around the city. AND once the fare is complete...you can kill the passenger and take their money. Oh yeah...and when the cops chase you because they witnessed you do this, you have a blast avoiding the squad cars as you race to your neighborhood chop shop to get "hidden". Yes, you can do that. I'm going to stop writing and go play some more. I've beaten this game twice and it's STILL not old. If you buy a PS2, you have to buy this game. You won't regret it.
3	B00005O0I2	This game excels in so many areas that it hardly makes sense to list them all.A few problems include:-There is no music outside of vehicles-Gang members are just too annoying-Vehicles and pedestrians become repetitive after a short time.-Control is a bit jerky outside of vehicles-No multiplayer modeOther than the above problems, I can find no reason to complain about the level of quality in this game. The environments are huge, the radio stations are great, the missions are varied, and the action is high-speed. Not to mention the obvious fact that maiming innocent pedestrians is a whole lot of fun.The game has an impressive amount of replay value, but I wish that RockStar would of included some sort of multiplayer mode. Regardless, GTA3 is an impressive game, and is worth a purchase from every serious gamer.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 is possibly the best game I have ever played. The incredible amount of crime in the game is rediculous, but hey, it's not like you're REALLY breaking the law, right?Prostitution, drugs, car jacking, murder, theft, evading arrest, more murder, homeless people, and even more murder litter this game like trash in the ghetto. But despite the irresponsible amount of law-breaking in this game, it's got a pretty good story too!You are a nameless escaped convict on the run from the law. You befriend another escaped con, and soon, you're doing low-paying jobs for a mafia nightclub owner. Successfully completing more missions for the man allows you to work your way up the ladder of crime and money.Eventually you make it to other islands, and do missions for other people, thus the story continues. This game has BILLIONS of hours of gameplay, and it's not just mission either. The graphics, controls, story, and most of all, the crime is all awesome. Not suitable for children under 35!
3	B00005O0I2	If you don't own this game something is wrong with you. Yes it is INCREDIBLY violent, and it glamorizes a life of crime, but who cares. You're never completely  done with this game. Tons of minigames and extra missions keep you playing after you've finished the story. I think everybody knows the story, but if you don't, here's a brief synopsis. You are a criminal who one day is backstabbed by your criminal partner, and girlfriend. You are caught by the cops, but during the transportation to the jail, you break free, with your friend, 8-ball. 8-ball introduces you to, Luigi, owner of a strip club, and so begins your trip through the crime world of Liberty City. You are introduced to different people constantly and, these people hire you to do their dirty work.If you are against violence, guns, or death, DON'T buy this game...
3	B00005O0I2	Rockstar games  are rocking the gamers world,one more of the great titles from the leaders in adult games.
3	B00005O0I2	I read the reviews on Amazon, GameSpot, etc which all raved about GTA3 being one of the best, if not the best PS2 game of 2001.  After receiving the game as an X-mas gift and playing for a few hours, I can certainly say that yes indeed, it really is THAT good.  It's as if someone combined Crazi Taxi, Half Life, and an unhealthy dose of (...).Have you ever played a "quest" type game and just wished you could explore the "world" at random?  Well, that's what Rockstar has done in GTA3 and the "world" is simply stunning, it it's size, complexity, and detail.  Everything from celebrity voices to the unique characteristics of each vehicle you can steal to the sheer scale of Liberty City blows you away.  You can either perform the various missions or just run about creating havok.  A welcomed facet of GTA3 is the fact that the "missions" aren't entirely linear in nature.  While there is a sequence of one mission after another you perform for a given crime boss, there are various bosses across the city that you may work for (who contact you in person, by phone, and by pager), so if you're stuck or bored with a particular mission you can go seek another one.  Another nice touch is the various amusements hidden throughout the game, everything from "rampages" (destroy 14 cars in 2 min with the provided rocket launcher) to makeshift ramps which allow you to score points by doing insane jumps & flips with your vehicle.  The "replayability" of GTA3 is second to none, imo.So yes, if you enjoy a little escape from reality and you're an adult, you must get this game.  As others have recommended, I'd state that GTA3 is NOT for children or anybody who'd be offended by say... an episode of "The Sopranos".  Kudos to the developers (and perhaps more importantly the publisher) for creating an amazing game for grown-ups.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto III is old-school GTA, before character and vehicle mods, celebrity voice-overs, and next generation graphics. It's just intended to be fun, and it is that.You play a goombah in Liberty City (a cartoonish version of New York) who's just trying to make his bones in the mafioso underworld of the time. Starting as a neighborhood nobody, you're gonna have to lie, cheat, and steal your way to the top. Basically, you're an amoral thug, and you love every second of it. You push over the police and run down rival gang members. You instigate street-level shootouts and firebomb cars. You run drugs and assassinate bad men for big money. Well, they're badder than the character you play, anyhow.In between, there are a variety of fun sub-mission like races, delivery drops, garbage collection jobs, and "rampages," where you need to kill as many people as possible using whatever weapon you're provided with -- which is everything from an explosive RC car to a sniper rifle.The story is not so serious as the others, probably the funniest of the bunch. While poking fun at both the Godfather movies and (of course) Goodfellas, it also includes a couple unexpected twists, like when the main character's own mother sells him out. Hilarious sequence to play through.Driving is so smooth, you almost don't need the missions. Almost. It's just fun to drive around causing mayhem. And there are costume changes for the first time, like the hockey mask version of Tony, and new weapons, like the chainsaw. San Andreas will build on all of this, and Vice City has a much better story, but for its time, this was the GTA game.Not as great of a soundtrack as the others have, but maybe that's just because it's dated now.But as far as fun, I can't think of any PS2 games I enjoyed more -- except maybe one or two of the other GTA titles.
3	B00005O0I2	Not all games are meant for kids. Stock car racing is for adults, for example, and paintball isn't intended for 6 year olds. In the same manner, Grand Theft Auto 3 isn't meant for your 4 year old niece. It's a game deliberately geared towards the millions of adult gamers who make up a large segment of the gaming population.The game taps into the current love of shows like The Sopranos and movies like The Godfather and Goodfellas. Sure, we know that the mob causes harm. But we still love to watch and read about them, and we can feel understanding as they fight to maintain their own style of honor and family while other groups try to muscle in.You start out as a bank robber who was betrayed by his girlfriend. Sprung out of a police convoy through a lucky situation, you and your new friend, "8-Ball", are starting out in the world of crime. A member of the local mafia asks you for some simple help ferrying a girl around. Taxi service, really. But when you do a good job, the requests get more complex ... and more rewarding.This game is impressive on many levels. First, there's the basic graphics. It's a fully immersive world that you can walk around on, much like EverQuest. But instead of forests and glades, it's a fully realized city, complete with bridges, subways, pedestrians, cars, vans, even police helicopters. Everything is interactive. Jump in a car, drive down a few blocks, hop out, walk on the pedestrian walkway. Your world is huge, and each area (Chinatown, etc) has its own character.The vehicles have different models, the world cycles from dawn to day to dusk to night. Street lights come on, signs glow. Traffic lights cycle green to red, and you have to pay attention to what you're doing. Other drivers aren't always paying attention to the lights, especially when they're in the middle of a chase. So defensive driving is definitely the order of the day.There are many different gangs that the mafia are bumping up against - the Columbians, the Yakuza, and many more. Each have their own turf, their own preferred cars, their own radio stations they tend to listen to! The missions you take on start to get you involved with the different gangs as well as other small-time hoods.Sure, this game isn't about helping elderly widows walk to church each Sunday through a grassy lane. It's about taking on jobs to bring entertainment to the cops for their Policeman's Ball as quickly as possible. It's picking up a double-crosser so the boss can talk with him. But one of the pleasures of gaming, just like any other form of entertainment, is that it lets you imagine worlds that you don't normally enter.In Dungeon Keeper you played the part of the "nasty" overlord, out to stop those goody-goody elves and paladins from stealing your treasure. In the various Command & Conquer games you could choose to be the good guys, or you could choose to be the bad guys. In games of Cops & Robbers, someone is always the Robber. Grand Theft Auto 3 is a Cops & Robbers for adults, and it delivers gameplay that's not easily matched elsewhere.
3	B00005O0I2	Combining so many elements of game play and style that I would have to write a novel to fit them all in, Grand Theft Auto shines in ways many games don't.  This game is a Mafia laden masterpiece not to be missed.  Huge detailed environments, well prepared missions or &quot;jobs&quot; that will keep you on your toes but also incorporating a free-roaming walk into this seedy underworld.  Not for the faint of heart but for the thrill seeker who wants to live the experience, but remember this is just a game it ends when you turn off your system. Enjoy!
3	B00005O0I2	Steal cars. Drag race. Even murder the cops. In this game, players can do just about anything they want to do in real life, but can't thanks to those cops. The whole game is based on running missions for the mafia to take down rival gangs. You also need to steal a new car every few missions or so in order to run full speed. There are 73 missions, all running from several different mob bosses. The rival gangs are challenging and want you dead. In many of the missions, it is your job to take them down. They are also, however, looking to kill you, so watching your back is also a key part. Being wanted can cause a pain, with cops on your tail, but it is lots of fun to smash their cars with the tank! (NOTE: a code is required to get the tank.)The army may even chase you if you become wanted to a very high extent. This is an awesome game. Strongly recommended.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of the most diverse and interesting games I've ever played. You can be shooting up a storm at some small pub on the lake front, to racing through the busy downtown streets, to running amock through small houses in the hills. All of this si supported by a fantastic story and even better gameplay. The whole game is just set up very well, the way the game comes together. And how mant twists there are! While GTA3 is most certainly not without it's flaws, they're all greatly outweighed by how good (and bad, this game is not for kids or soccer moms!) this game is.And to reviewer Eric Baker, you should actually find something out for sure before making outrageous remarks about another free country because of overwhelming support for the U.S. and for GTA3. GTA3 was re-released in Australia because it had a major glitch in it.
3	B00005O0I2	this game made Vice City possible and it isn't anywonder why it is a great game and everyone needs to buy it
3	B00005O0I2	Fans of the original Grand Theft auto and Grand Theft auto:2 and the gamplay that surrounded those games will be dissapointed and delighted.  The top-down, helicpoter viewpoint from the first two games has been revolutionized and revamped with stunning three dimentional graphics.  This is truly a go anywhere, do anything game.  You will find yourself roaming around the expansive city just exploring and sightseeing.  When you get the urge to, you can comit a few crimes and get involved in high-speed chases that offer edge-of-your-seat action.  The story of the game is there, but it's only purpose is to give you a reason for violent activity.  It does it's job well, though and pulls the gamer through a wonderfully rendered and intelligent enviroment with special missions and various things to accomplish.
3	B00005O0I2	Though I wouldn't call this a masterpiece, it does come pretty close.  The gameplay is stunning, the story is excellent, the cutscenes are never too long, and yet at the same time it is still quite humorous.Now for all of the naysayers that are giving the game bad scores because of its content...if you don't like the subject matter, then don't play the game.  Would you agree that it is pretty tough to judge a game for its gameplay if all you can focus on is the content that you don't like?  The point of the GTA series is to be able to commit the most heinous acts of brutality and still be able to get away with it, but at the same time still be involved in a highly functional plot.  If you are offended by such things, then the game simply isn't for you.  This is a hijack/drive/shootfest that is developed around acts of violence that are taking place in the WORLD OF CRIME.  Organized Crime is VIOLENT!!!Now back to the game.  The graphics, for their time of release anyway, are functional.  Nothing is so poorly animated that it truly affects gameplay.  The variety of cars is quite nice, and no mission is truly impossible.  This, however, is not to say that the game is just a quickie.  It took me about 25 hours to reach 100% completion in the game; times may certainly vary.  The weapons selection is also quite good.  The standard flamethrower and rocket launcher are options, and there is the option to use more than one rapid fire weapon.The lack of a linear structure really enhances the game.  Playing the game is not simply doing mission after mission. The free-roaming capability allows the player to reorganize and customize the character, pre-plan the placement of cars in garages, and accomplish other little tasks that will enable 100% completion.  Also a player can snag a cop car and do vigilante missions, use a firetruck and put out fires around liberty city, and steal a taxi to make a little money.Of course...there is also the ability to cause trouble outside of missons.  The cops are extremely vicious in this game, but it isn't impossible to ourtun them...even at a 4 star level.  5 and 6 stars, without a tank, gets to be pretty difficult.  This part of the learning curve can be a little frustrating at times if you have an itchy trigger finger and a tendancy to "accidentally" run over pedestrians.Bottom line, the gameplay is great, the graphics work, the story also works, and the loose gameplay gives a bit of freedom to the player.  Ok...the game isn't perfect, but nonetheless it is definately entertaining.  At the price of about 10 dollarsm it is well worth the cost.  It's a good addition to any game collection and a great conversation piece for you and your gamer friends.Keep in mind though that this game is violent.  If you are concernad at all about younger kids playing this game, then you shouldin't get it.  Honestly, this is a violent game.  The whole thing about heinous acts of brutality is 100% true.  There is a reason why some world governments tried to snuff out this game upon its release.  The MATURE rating is there for a reason.  Violence, partial nudity, and prostitution do take place in the game...it is a piece for a mature audience.  If you think that you yourself or your kid can handle the content, then get the game, but be warned that this is a considerably violent game.
3	B00005O0I2	...The view, characters, missions/jobs, cars, boats, and airplanes are much better then the first two. The first two GTA's... [are bad] commpared to this one! It's a great game!
3	B00005O0I2	This game kicks ___ and is really kool. Its really fun just to screw around and do the missions. its one of those games where u think its the best game ever but you can't expain.
3	B00005O0I2	This IS whithout a doubt the best (not to mention most addictive) game I have ever played. It's just a downright, Carjacking Romp. If you haven't played this game yet, you MUST play this before you play it's sequel GRAND THEFT AUTO: SAN ANDREAS.To be honest, I thought this game would be a terible game, Infact, I was avoiding buying this game. Man have I missed A LOT! Honestly, I's not that bad, to all of you &quot;uptight&quot; mom's.  Ofcourse the premise of the game is to steal cars, but it's still very tame for it's mature rating.Alright, first of all, the ability to just jump grab any car you want and just jump right in, is AWESOME, I mean it really doesn't matter, as long as it has wheels and doors, you can drive it. From Station Wagons to Stallions and Ambulances to Firetrucks.When you're in a Firetruck or a Policecar  can do these vigilante missions where you foil crooks, put out fires and rescue the injured.In this game there are 3 islands you can travel and roam in, irst of all there's Portland which is pretty much the same as New York. You get you're street reputation in Portland.Alright this game has it all, the violence, the story and even the hot chicks. And something that is really different is that the game is just enjoyable all the way through and you look forward to your next mission and you're always suprised and amazed by the bizarrely fun missions you have. From running away from the Triads is a Souped up Mafia car, to crrying a dead body to a car crusher, it's just all out F..U..N!The story evolves very well, and goes up as you would expect it, you start out as a lowly guy and work for Luigi, a pimp (to certain rights) and then, as your reputation gets better, and word starts to spread on your feats, you get contacted by Joey, Toni Cipnelli and Diablo himself. Wow, I want to play this game even more now that i'm writing a review about it.Oh, and the game has pretty much infinate replay value becasue of (1) it's length (by the time you beat it and star over again you won't remember most of the missions) and (2)Ther's just so much to do in between missions. From beating innocent civilians to &quot;'Jackin' some sweet wheels&quot; you can make a day out of it.(Honestly).Breakdown:Graphics: 15/10 Great, really crisp and really responsive, from busting up a car to shooting people...it looks real alright!Gameplay: 15/10 TONS of Fun, yet still simple. Of course it would deserve a 20, if you could crouch and commit drive by's.Fun: 25/10 This is THE best game EVER (well so far) you get to run around and kill hookers and civilians, and get to steal cars...it doesn't get much better than this.Difficulty: 10/10 can be a real &quot;toughy at times&quot;, especially when you're trying to take down an armored car, while tons of cops swarm around you..it's a real nail biter.Overall:65/40 what is there to say, just look at the total. haha.Alright first of all, Buy this game, then play it and the first time you get bored of the game (about 12-18 months after you get it, research Grand theft auto San Andreas, it looks awesome.This is esential to any teen's PS2 game library. It's really a lot of fun to play, no matter who you are. I mean anyone with a PS2 should and must own this game. Even the most &quot;Uptown&quot; people will find beating innocent civilians a lot of fun.Buy it. Play it. Enjoy it.
3	B00005O0I2	Cars and WeaponsIt's another variable that people tend to forget when they first see GTA3. The point is not only size but also ability. Players are offered an amazingly free and easy sense of movement in the game, and the level of commands -- the input list -- is huge and dynamic. Players drive cars, and have a huge list of car-related things to do (carjack, jump out of a burning car, steer, accelerate, brake, power slide, etc.), but they get to do lots of things on foot, too. One can walk, run, sprint, jump, pilot a boat, handle 11 weapons, open doors, and carjack any one of 81 (yes, 81) vehicles in the city. The cars are just amazing. They each have their own handling, shocks, turn radius, speed, and more. The slow ones, such as dump trucks (&quot;dust trucks&quot;) military vehicles, and police vans, are plodding and cumbersome, but they take an incredible beating. Most of the cars in the game are mid-sized. And they never seem to stop coming. Once you've driven the fastest one though, if you're anything like me, you'll only want to drive them, and only them, again. As the game opens up, and different parts of the city are freed up, newer, faster cars can be carjacked. Cars such as the Mafia Sentinel, or the Sentinel, which looks like a Mercedes, are sweet in the beginning, until you drive a Yakuza Stinger, Cheetah or the like. Then the game gets incredibly fast.And in case you didn't know, each car is totally and happily destroyable. There are about 17 parts to each car that can be broken, dented, or that can fall or fly off. And you'll be surprised find how quick one can total any single car. A typical car is smashed in the front first. Next the hood loosens up, so that it's right in your face, and the your doors fly open uncontrollably, and it goes on from there. It may be broken off later, as your fenders are crushed, windows are pummeled, and eventually your engine starts taking damage. First, you see just a little steam, later it becomes a darker more noxious fan of smoke, and once you see flames, it's over, bub. You need to get out before the vehicle blows up (and which rattles everything around it).As for the weapons, there are loads of them, starting with your hands. Players can get into a fight with any single character in the game by simply hitting and kicking (oh yeah, and head butting). As soon as you find your home (the save place), you get a bat. Soon after, there're handguns and more. The full list includes your body (melee), the bat, a Colt Pistol, Uzi, AK-47, M16, sniper rifle, shotgun, rocket launcher, Molotov Cocktail, grenades, and the flamethrower. My personal favorites are the sniper rifle, the Molotov Cocktail, and the Uzi, but only while in a drive-by shooting. The Molotov Cocktail is a dangerous weapon to use because just as easily as you can throw it, you can catch your own body on fire. The fire spreads, causing great collateral damage, and well, it's nice and violent, and it kills real quick-like. The Sniper Rifle is superb. It's easy to zoom in and out, and it's incredibly accurate. It's a little amazing to see that DMA, which doesn't specialize in first-person shooters or anything, can get a gun, such as the sniper rifle, so dead-on right. You can quickly move it about, there's a good range of distance that it can cover, and it's easy to move tiny little distances without disturbance or fudging it and having to start over. Plus, as with so many things in Grand Theft Auto III, it just feels right. The weapons are great.Mission VarietyWhile I certainly have been spouting about the size and scope of GTA3, and all the little extras -- all of which are certainly deserved of the praise -- the game offers a stunning level of missions and mission variety. Players start off performing simple little missions such as picking up floozies and dropping them off in a specific area. As you progress through the hundreds of missions, they grow increasingly difficult, some relying on old-school, &quot;try-and-die&quot; kinds, while others are a little more kind on you, based on timeliness, driving skill, or a combination of location-based hits and gunmanship. I loved the 8-Ball assisted sniper mission, in which I sniped several Columbian Cartel agents at the dock. And I loved the mini-missions, including Midnight Club-like city races, featuring insane enemy car AI.While the try-and-die style of gameplay does have its drawbacks, Grand Theft Auto III relies strictly on your skill level and there are tons of missions that are either more forgiving or less rigid in their makeup. And with so many missions in the game -- as many as five lined up at a time, from various characters, phone booths, or by the use of simple icons -- if players are having a difficult time with a particular mission, they can go and do more than a handful of others before they return to tackle the difficult one they sucked at.Lastly, players can completely ignore the basic missions if they so choose. If you just want to cruise, you can, to just see what happens. And if you want to get a little involved, but still don't want to take on the basic missions, the game is ready for you. Remember how I said you can carjack any vehicle in the game? That includes cop cars, fire trucks, ambulances, and taxis. That's right, you can make money delivering people to their destinations in a taxi, rescue people in an ambulance, bust criminals in the cop cars, or put out fires in the fire trucks. It's all built into the game, and each mission, however small, is amazingly cool.
3	B00005O0I2	This Series is the &quot;REASON&quot; i'm a Gamer, Freedom of Speech, First Amendment Rights, In this game you can do ALMOSTANYTHING you wan't, you work for the mob, you work yourway up the ladder, but more than that, it's non-linear,you understand, meaning you can just walk around whackingpeople out, or you can jack thier cars, you can snipe outsomebody, you can run down from the police, then get outand BLAM - the first two, were incredible, the secondhad to be my favorite game, until this one, I played it formonths, i'd sit back and do missions, or just enjoy itperiod, this is entertainment, on it's purest form, if wedon't support this game, soon there won't be any like itHats Off to those at RockStar &amp; Take two who create gameslike this for the Adult Gamer, these guys reinvented a lotof the industry, this game when you unwrap it, your goingto just sit there, and your mouth is going to open, your jawis gonna hit the floor, trust me on this, this is the BESTgame PS2 is going to have to offer, I bought a PS2 for this gameI Couldn't wait till the Spring when it comes out for the PC,i'll end up buying it twice, because the P.C. will have evenmore impressive graphics,and other features,if your into the Sopranos, and Scarface, The Godfather Series, Goodfellas, Carlito's way, anything like that at all, this is a dream come true,  your going to be a charactor from one of those movies, making the world yours, and taking power in your iron fist, machiavelli at his finest, this would have been his favorite game, I'd Say the typical &quot;Free John Gotti&quot; here, but the truth is, he's dying of lung cancer, it's going to be a loss, when he is gone, and the worse thing is, I never got to meet him, shake his hand, and conversate with him, but such is life, Rest In Peace Johnny Boy,you'll go down in history like Alphonse Capone, and Charlie Lucky Luciano, Ciao.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is so great i can't even begin to say how great it is. One of the best things about it is the freedom. You can go anywhere you want in three enormous areas of Liberty City. There's the industrial area, where you first start out. Then there's the commercial area followed by the residential area. There's 70-some missions in the entire game you can do plus mini-missions for the local gangs in whichever area you're in. In addition to that you can become a cabbie in taxi's, do vigilante missions for the police, extinguish fires using the firetruck, and save people in the ambulance. If you don't feel like doing the missions it's just as fun to roam around the streets killing people. You have a number of weapons you can use to cause destruction. There's sniper rifles, M16's, rocket launchers, and much more. Another fun feature is the ability to do drive-by shootings using the Uzi. There's also a wide range of cars from trashy station wagons, to super-fast hot rods. Overall this is the best game by Rockstar so far and it's also a great stress-reliever game.
3	B00005O0I2	This has to be one of the best games I have ever played.  I enjoyed the regular GTA even though many did not, but this game will make you never want to play the original GTA ever again!  The graphics are ten times better, the control is smoother, and the violence is more brutal and in your face than ever before.  (Definitely not for little kids.  Keep them away from this game.  Parents, do not get this for little kids!!)  There are more missions and mayhem for you to get involved in than ever before.For those who prefer the original GTA will be happy to know that there is a overhead view you can switch to so it looks like the original, but with better graphics.  There's so many different things for you to do in this game, it is nuts!  Half of me was thinking this game kicks (...), while the other half was feeling guilty about it.  Hey, it's worth it, though!  Just keep in mind it's just a game.If you're running little jobs for the mob or other gang members, or just creating your own mayhem, "Grand Theft Auto 3" is without a doubt the best PS2 game ever!  The graphics are crisp, the sound is out of this world, and the chaos for you to unleash is out of this world.  The control does require you to get used to it, but it is a lot better than the original.  Get this game while you still can.  I don't know how long until somebody decides to ban this game.  GET IT WHILE THERE IS STILL TIME!  YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!!!!Of course, this is not for anyone with weak stomachs, young players, and people who get offended easily.  As for the rest of you sick freaks, strap on your seat-belts and get ready to unleash hell like never before!
3	B00005O0I2	That's all I can pretty much say. This game is so realistic, I can't belive my eyes. The graphics are great, the fighting's terrific, and the cops are powerful. Yes, this game's a little, ok a lot, bloody. But this game's not for Christians or protective mothers. This game has some great voice acting. There's some charecters from Sopranos, Twin Peaks, and Time Bandits in this. The radios kick ... also. My favorite is Chatterbox. This game has it all. Amazing.
3	B00005O0I2	i like it it is a pretty good game so i give it about a 4.3 outta 5
3	B00005O0I2	This is easily the greatest game of all time (screw mario, whats with Final Fantasy, Tony Hawk Pro Skater runs dry). No matter what kind of person you are you should without a doubt get this game, PS2 or PC, whatever, just run out and get it!
3	B00005O0I2	I knew before I rented it that id love it I had a little trouble figuring it out but once I got the hang of it I was awsome.The game was not as violent as I thought but it was still very violent.If you want to rent an action game this one is the one you should get!
3	B00005O0I2	This is a very fun and popular game but there r some reasons that i do not care for it. The graphics r not the best but this is a old game. It is very hard and sometimes the game glitches on it so it does not work completly right all of the time. It is fun to just run around and not do any of the missions that u r supposed to do because then u can get used to playing the game. The thing i hate is that there is really no menu so u cant really change anything. All that i do now is just mess around on it because it is more fun that way. It is the same thing as the others, u can steal anything cars tanks guns and do anything u want with them. It is not as good as GTA san andres but i still like it.
3	B00005O0I2	If you are anything like me and you have played the other GTA games you will have probably become bored with the wanton destruction a little way into the 7th or 8th hour! Rockstar have obviously addressed this issue as they have added loads of more features to the game.  Rob a police car and you can be a vigil-anti, steal an ambulance and you can take people to hospital, nick a taxi and play at being a taxi-driver collecting fares! There is even a part of the game where you remote control a toy car to blow up mob cars! BUY IT NOW!
3	B00005O0I2	There is just not enough time to write a full indepth review to explain how incredible this game is.  So I will be brief.  GTA3 puts you in the role of a thug for hire and places you in a large metropolis with nothing but time on your hands.  You work you way up the crime ladder by performing &quot;jobs&quot; for crimelords.  The work is dirty but incredibly fun!You drive cars that you steal, buy weapons and can kill anyone at random.  Cops may chase you or rival enemies will shoot at you.  There is A LOT of freedom in this game.  The missions are a good 40-50 hours of gameplay and then you can just explore the city looking for rampage missions are extra stuff!This game in not for children at all so please don't buy it for your kids.  Why?  I will just say &quot;working hookers&quot; and &quot;graphic killing&quot;.  If you are a mature adult looking for a great gaming experience buy GTA3.  It is worth every cent
3	B00005O0I2	Now, this normally isn't my type of game being that it's 100% raw violence.  But man, is it fun!  You can do anything you want in this game.  Follow the missions and win money, or don't follow the missions and steal people's money.  Drive people around in a taxi.  Heck, the taxi missions are more fun then Crazy Taxi ever was!I just can't get over how free this game world really is.  Do whatever you want, for however long you want to do it and you can always just jump right back into the storyline if you get bored.Don't forget that the game isn't &quot;real&quot; :)  Enjoy another great title from DMA Design and Rockstar!
3	B00005O0I2	After reading about GFA3 in EGM, I knew I had to have this game. Only in your dreams can you car jack people, kill innocent civilians, steal cars, steal boats, etc. But now, you can have the time of your life with GFA 3. It's very fun knowing you can do whatever you want when you want to. This is a very mature game, so kids don't trythese at home. There are a millionthings to do and see. I think mosteveryone has fantasized about breaking the law and getting away with it. You can work for organizedcrime syndicates like the Mafia, Yakuza, Triads, and much more. Think about carrying your own pageraround so your boss can get hold ofyour whereabouts. This game is a blast to play and never gets old.I'll even go out on a limb and tell you GFA 3 is more fun than Metal Gear Solid 2. I truly recommend GFA3 for serious gamers over the age of 18. Thank you Rock Star games for making the best GFA gameever.
3	B00005O0I2	Of all the GTA games I've played this is the best. Good graphics, very fun, and lots of weapons and cars. If you do not have game get it. Anyone over 11 years old should get it.
3	B00005O0I2	best game in the world,be a gangbanger orsteal taxi and do taxi missions or steal a cop car and do vigalante missions orhi jack a fire truck and be a fireman or ambulance and deliver people to the hospitale.use all weapons cheat to make the game funner and use riot and people with guns cheat and particapate in a riot and police chases through 3 diffrent places that is if u get bored of gang missions
3	B00005O0I2	This is gangster Disneyland.Now that this game has sucked away hours of what used to be my life, I can barely remember the shock and curiosity I felt when a friend brought over Grand Theft Auto 3 and I saw it in action for the first time. I hadn't heard the hype and just assumed this was some standard third-person shooter with a little driving. But as he started wandering around and wreaking havoc on some unsuspecting pedestrians I thought I was watching an un-rated episode of cops. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was over the top, ultra-violent, and sickeningly funny.It wasn't until I rented it a few days later and had the game all to myself when I realized the true depth and originality of GTA3. Other than &quot;violent&quot; the word I see being most appropriately used to describe GTA3 is &quot;freedom&quot;. After an intro of general hoodlum backstabbing and a hasty getaway your silent gets truly introduced to Liberty City. It's huge. It lives and breathes around you. People, cars, planes, trains, time, even the weather are all in constant motion. Explore, wander, cause a ruckus, drive like a maniac, flee from the cops, and oh yeah, check out the tons of missions waiting for you. Kill mob bosses, deliver prostitutes, steal cars, and take out squealers, pimps and other baddies. See a car you like? It's yours. But watch out for 5-0. And don't get too attached it either. I can't remember how many times I've been trying to get from point A to point B and ended up destroying five or six cars on a whim. Nothing is more hilarious than abandoning the now dying car you stole to find another one, only to hear a large BOOM and frantic screams as the abused vehicle explodes into a pile of rubble.You must see it for yourself, I can't emphasize enough the incredible production value of this game. The soundtrack for GTA3 is an achievement beyond any expectations for a video game. Sure a few decent songs and soundtracks would be acceptable, especially of the quality of GTA. But when you hop in a car and the radio blares away, hit the L1 button and choose a radio station to suit your mood. There must be at least eight or nine stations (each one has endless tunes and wonderful satirical commercials) that play everything from top-notch hip-hop and reggae, 80's pop, modern rock, and talk radio. One or two of these stations would have been fine but it's endless! And it's all original. It's amazing how perfectly the music ends up providing the perfect score to your actions in the game. One time I remember being a little uncooperative with the local authorities and ended up in an unfortunately violent and extensive high-speed chase through the streets of Liberty City; bodies flying, cars exploding, and all the while this crazy opera tenor is singing Figaro or something and its just too funny and too surreal. Not like I condone driving over people, resisting arrest, car theft, seeking employment from mob bosses and criminals, the use of flame-throwers in public places, or taking strange pills, but in video form, Rockstar has made it safe, Original, funny, and way too addicting.The only minus I can think of, other than lost hours of life, is a general lack of shading. Like I said before, the city is huge but GTA3 seems to be missing a true sense of depth as far as shading and lighting goes. The feeling works as far as some nice touches like lens flare and lamp-posts and headlights in the evening but buildings, tunnels and basically a large portion of the game just isn't where I wish it could be visually. But that would be nitpicking. And this game and Rockstar do not deserve to be nitpicked for this production. No time to nitpick anyway, gotta go. Back to GTA3.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is the second PS2 game I bought when I bought my PS2, and just like Twisted Metal: Black (the first game I bought), I can't get enough of it.  I loved the original GTA and played it constantly, and since GTA 3 came out I've heard nothing but all the hype about it, so when I finally played it, I decided I would get a PS2.  Everything you've heard about this game is true, and then some.  The graphics are mouth watering and the frame rate is smooth considering all the on screen action and the size of Liberty City.  The game is filled with all the over the top violence you'd come to expect if you've ever played the original game, and the different missions and the overall &quot;do what you want&quot; feel of the game makes this one game that will never get boring.  The storyline is surprisingly solid, as is the voice acting, making the game play out like a movie which just adds to the game's cool factor.  This game is essential to every PS2 owner's library.  Special note: on the Flashback radio station, the music they play on there is from the classic gangster movie Scarface which starred Al Pacino, not to mention numerous other odes from the game designers to gangster and mobster films.
3	B00005O0I2	This is probly one of the best games made for PS2. In the game you work for people in mafia sort of groups and steal cars, Pick people up, and blow things up. It's hard but really fun. the more you do the more money you get and the ,ore things you can buy. BUY THIS GAME
3	B00005O0I2	Have you ever just wanted to be the bad guy in a game?  This game plays on that concept.  Although, your character isn't technically the villain in this game, (he has enemies too) the game's missions will have you doing a number of things your average hero would never do.You are thrown into Liberty City, an enormous city filled with citizens, gangs, cars, back-alleys and more.  And that's the beautiful thing about this game.  You can wander around the city forever, getting yourself into all kinds of trouble, without ever tackling the game's main missions and you'd still have fun.  There are too many different things to do, it is truly impressive.And you'll barely be able to recognize this game when compared with the first two in this series, because unlike the overhead perspectives from those two, Grand Theft Auto 3 is fully three dimensional, and features a number of different camera types.Yes it's violent, yes it's inappropriate, but it is a brillian videogame nontheless, and one that Rockstar should be very proud of.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one game that is worth the 50 dollars.  It seems so, well, evil to just kill old ladies and steal their money, or go beating people over the heads with baseball bats, or run over people with taxis, or heist trucks and throw them into the river.  Its just so much fun- let your inner violent child come out, hehe.  You just cant have any more fun than this on the PS2.  You'll find after youve turned it off that you want to play more.There is a cheat that may be helpful to you- during gametime press R2, R2, L1, R2, left, down, right, up, left, down, right, up.  when the police are after you, it brings the stars down to nothing.  This helped me through the missions.It gets a little hard towards the end to meet the time limits and not get killed--- the strategy guide helps alot with all of this as well.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 is the best Driving/Action game on the PS2.  Great graphics, great sound, a huge selection of cars, and loads of replay value make this one of the best games out there.  Stop reading this review, and go out and get Grand Theft Auto III
3	B00005O0I2	This game is just plain awesome. i will say it is one of the 3 best games on PS2 right now. The other two are Vice City and San Andreas, thank you very much. Think about this-is there any other game where you can have sex, kill random people on the street, drink and do hits for mobsters??? No!!! Thats why this is the start of the greatest series of games ever. The plot is awesome but not the most original thing ever. The goals are better than any other game and the enjoyablity is 100/100 A+ and two thumbs up.
3	B00005O0I2	I love this game and can't stop playing it.  The fact that you can spend your time just causing mayhem in a completely unscripted manner is so awesome.  What other game on earth could you open up with an M-16 in a crowded street, when the cops and ambulance comes you shoot them too and steal the ambulance.  Of course then you end up in a running firefight with helicopters and tanks after you but that's fun too.  I love the full city and how different parts open up throughout the game.  The radio stations are great too.  This is definately a game for mature minded people, I know kids play this but only get it for kids who understand reality vs. gameplay becuase it's pretty &quot;evil&quot;.
3	B00005O0I2	This has got to be one of the most addictive games I have ever played. There is just way too much to do in it, you feel a need to keep playing. Plus the infinite lives is nice, too. I have yet to find a complaint about this game. Everything in it is just how I would have wanted it. Okay, fine, I'll be picky: There's no intro movie. Oh, horrors. Like that even matters.The game lets you do whatever you want. You can flip off other drivers and cops, you can run over annoying people or just get out and beat them up with your fists (I suppose you could always shoot them too, but that's no fun, now is it?)The car collisions are fairly realistic (at least for arcade)and the vehicle's damage is rather well done. The cars in the game are modeled closely after real cars, but with slight differences for copywright safety. In addition, the radio feature adds a touch of humor to your carnage (*cough* Chatterbox *cough*).All in all, a really fun (yet violent) game that combines racing with pain. Woohoo!
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of the best games in a long time. It's a lot like the old PS1 games 'Driver' and 'Driver 2' only it's a lot better. Yes, it's very violent but it's violent in the best sense of the word. This game is amazingly detailed. My favorite part is the radio. You get to choose from several different radio stations. The Talk station is hilarious. I love this game.Graphics: 5.0Sound: 5.0Control: 4.5Fun Factor: 5.0
3	B00005O0I2	I brought the game for a family member. They really enjoys playing the game. The game have real life features.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA 3 is cool, very fun game play, reduces lots of stress! whether your stealing some cars or sniper shooting people off of roofs this game rocks!
3	B00005O0I2	This one is SO much better.  So I love it.  I make it highest 5 star ever.
3	B00005O0I2	I bought this game only after buying State of Emergency that I was sorely disappointed in. After all the hype, SOA was pretty boring. Just the standard shoot-em up 3D game. I guess it could be fun for some people, but it just wasn't my cup of tea. Now, after getting GTA3, I must say that this game is alot more fun. Missions are fun and challenging. The fact that the game in non-linear and you can drive and go most anywhere is a plus. Lots of weapons. Interaction with the public. Tons of Vehicles. All of this adds to alot of gametime. Graphics wise, it's not the best the PS2 could offer, but its still great. Alot better than SOA which has a more flat, cartoony look. I'd definitely pick up this game to add to the adult gamer's PS2 library.
3	B00005O0I2	Even though Vice City and San Andreas where released already and this game is ancient history, it shouldn't be. This game started the next generation of videogames. Before Grand Theft Auto 3 came out, we always wanted to do things in the videogames like rob cars and free-roam and shoot random people instead of going level-by-level. With Grand Theft Auto 3, it introduced a whole new type of genre of videogames, free-roaming violence, and nobody does it like Rockstar.But anyway, these people have to stop complaining about the violence. Past games had violence in it, and because it is a hot series people want to ruin other people's lives. That one reviewer said he was 14. He is probably some 40 year old concerned white mother that her little baby couldn't see inappropriate content. But anyway, it isn't that bad. The language is nothing on a scale of San Andreas, and what are they talking about having sex in the game? The girl gets inside the car and it shakes. Whopdee Doo. So inappropriate. No nudity, some violence and semi-mild language. Give me a break.But anyway, this game is a masterpiece. The graphics are not pretty and the crappy Ps2 hardware doesn't help. There are countless glitches, but what do you expect from a game that came out in mid 2001, right when Ps2 was catching on. If you don't have this in your library, get it just to tell your kids on how this game changed the video game world forever.
3	B00005O0I2	Up until the release of GTA3 the concept of console games was very different.  With the exception of a few adventure RPG's, most games did not include the freedom to do what you wanted, when you wanted, in a world so realistic you'd swear you are there.  A living, breathing city world interacts around you as you carry out missions for different gangs, run from the Police, and ultimately try to stay alive.  By harnessing the power of Playstation 2, this game displays amazing graphics, and supports a high frame rate, allowing minimal slow down during game play.  And like I mentioned, you can choose to carry out missions for various organizations, or you can wander the streets in an breath taking gaming experience.  The game also includes several mini games inluding "Vigilante" in which you use your (stolen) Police Cruiser to chase down specified criminals in a certain amount of time, simply amazing.  But remember, this game is rated "Mature" meaning it includes sexual content, graphic language and extreme violence, if you have younger kids this many not be for them, but this is of course your call.  However, you would be a fool not to own Grand Theft Auto 3, a game like this should be mandatory not just for Playstation 2 owners, but all gamers alike.
3	B00005O0I2	When GTA3 dropped Oct.22, 2001 I remember it like when MTV aired Micheal Jackson's Thriller. It was a game my homies and I had been anticipating for a long time! And with the tragedy that had happened just the month before....We wondered if it'd drop. But, it did! And the day it dropped one of my closest homies (who was also a co-worker) called in sick that day. GTA 3 originally was exclusive to PS2. Which pissed me off, cause I had a Dreacast (& GTA2 among my games). This game was the reason why I bougt a PS2 shortly after this game dropped....Playing DVD's was fine. But GTA3 was thee S**t!!! The game was revolutonairy for it's open world enviornment. The games world actually mimmicked real world....It'd go from day to night. It'd get rainy or foggy. People (AI) walking down streets would just randomly mug other AI's or jack them for their car! You could pick up "street walkers", carry a variety of weapons. Ranging from bats,pistols,shot guns,sniper rifles,fully automatics,flame thrower,molotove,gernades, & RPG's! You could sniperPeople, rob people, do missions (including vigilante missions). Or my favorite....Just mess around in an open world. You could drive various cars, trucks, buses, ambulance, cop car, fire truck, a tank, & even a ride w/ hydrollics!!! Sure the game isn't as awesome now in comparissum to it's sequals & some other new games. But for it's time it was the new standard for gaming! And it's still a classic game like Super Mario Bros,Sonic 1,2,& 3, Altred Beast,Metroid,ect.... Still fun to play on occasion in my opinion. And can look a lot better played on modern LCD,Plasma,LED TV's w/ the HD cables for PS2!!! I recommend this game to anyone that had it years ago,anyone who plays the newer GTA's or Saint Rows, This is the grandfather of the current gen games of this genre...Respect the elders,lmao!
3	B00005O0I2	After playing GTA and GTA2, I must say that the birds-eye view got really old.  The new third-person/first-person view brings a much needed face lift to the GTA series.  Gameplay is smooth with the large levels having a ton of detail.  The story-line is a good progression and it's nice not to have to be limited to only one story-line.  If you like working for a certain boss, do all of his missions or do none.  The game isn't dependant upon which missions you complete (some exceptions).  The ability to get in a boat, car, tank, etc makes the monotony of just driving around go away.  There are numerous secrets to discover in all of the cities.  Overall, I would recommend this game as a stress-reliever (hello flamethrower and bazooka!) or a good RPG.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is one of the most highest grossing Ps2 game ever and remains as RockStars greatest achievement in gaming.  This game is a classic and is a must own for any ps2 owner.You play the role of a Criminal who got an early bust out and now is on the road to revenge and mayhem.  You start out with easy to do missions but then start to get harder like asassinating the worlds biggest mafia all the way to destroying planes.  The game acctually has a really good "mafia" type storline.  The main character doesn't talk but I'm glad cause that lets us imagine.  The game has its pros and cons and that's why I didn't give it a big 5 out of 5.  The game has some really memorable parts and really great missions.The missions in the game are superb but if you're in the mood on doing some mayhem and exploring you can acctually leave the missions aside and do em' when ever you want just as long as you're not doing anymayhem after you've just triggered a mission.  The game takes place in Liberty City...Then South Central but with more of an attitude and much more Semi-safer with loads of Crooked cops, yakuza gangs and Columbian Cartells, not to mention the Triads!  And yes the main character has to go through all of these punks in order to survive and get revenge to the woman who put him through all of this mess.The best part about Grand Theft Auto 3 is the memorable characters that you'll adore but the only con I had with the characters is that most of them don't "end" with and ending like you won't take em' to some house and get a good bye, once you've finished there missions it's over and you'll never see em' again though there is one person you work for that acctually has an ending for him.  The game overall has really great memorable characters.  I really enjoyed this game back when It first came out, I was a few to get the game when it first came out and I hear stupid rumors that if you get the very first version of the game that was released some were in 01' you'll see spider man and Batman?!?!  I don't believe that though....The game consists of many missions to do and but loads of Arsenals of weapons like the shotgun, machine gun, and the bat.  The game has great controll.  Very easy to use and will get use to it withen 10 minutes.  The games music is fantastic and has a great selection of them and I loved the radio station with Laz-lo that was really great.  Rockstar tried to make this as real as possible even though it is abit cartoony then again it doesn't try to be too realistic.  Overall the Music and Controlls is a plus one.  The game really had one major flaw and that is that the game becomes very tedious later and that the visuals arn't as great as many has said to be.  The visuals could have bin better like say...Max Payne 2 better ohwell..The violence in this game is not Graphic, nor disturbing but cartoony-bloody violent and this games profanity isn't as hardcore as Manhunt or Max Payne 2 which are worse..  The game does deserve its Mature rating because well lets face it the game is really violent.  The game is from my opinion not recommended for kids under the age of at least 17+.  Now lets get to it..Good-Many missions to do and lots of places to explore-Many cool aray of weapons including the flamethrower-Lots of memorible characters also most of these characters are seen in San Andreas like Catalina and the GTA3 character also!-Lots of cool fast paced action to keep you on the edge of your seat-Great level desighn on Liberty city-When bored you'll have a blast just doing mayhem to the people on Liberty City-Great selection of MusicBad-It was a bit short...If you do the missions that trigger storyline missions only you could beatthis game inless then 10 hours..-Gets abit repetitive and frustraiting later on-The visuals wern't that great...Could have bin betterthe ugly-Killing Salvetore Leon..eheheheOverall this is a fast paced action adventure of Crime and vengence with buttloads of missions to do and great voice acting by some really great actors like Micheal Madeson(Kill Bill, Resivour Dogs, Species I and II)and has some really memorable Missions and great weapons of choice...Overall this Ps2 classic gets a4.9 out of 5 stars...Lates..
3	B00005O0I2	This game has a whole lot to offer. It takes place in the 1990's. It has Jeena Jameson (the porn star) voice the prostitute in this game. It has lot of action profanity, blood, nudity, aclohol and drug use. Thank god Wal-Mart still sells the game after the big controversy on the news. It even made all the way up to Capital Hill in Washington D.C.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA 3 is crazy!  I enjoyed roaming around and doing some of the missions.  However, I don't recommend this game for children due to the violent themes.
3	B00005O0I2	GTA 3 is a pretty good game, some of the missions are mindless, I find the game camera horrible, but it is senseless digital violence almost at it's best, and if you are in to that, get this..if not, go trade Pokemon cards with your friends!!
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 set a new standard for video games period. This game offers an entire world to explore and interact with in &quot;gangland&quot; fashion. You play a common street hood, betrayed throughout the entire game by the crimelords you work for but in the end you get the upper hand and end up on top of Liberty City's criminal food chain. If you haven't played this game, I don't want to give away the narrative too much but this game is more than just beating the narrative missions, there are seemingly endless side missions to do, and clear. The art of carjacking is taken to new levels of asthetic greatness in this game. You could either raise havoc in the city or focus on mission accompolishment. This game has everything you ever wanted to see in a video game including a sense of freedom to do whatever and to some extent be whatever. It's highly recommended as one of the many reasons to buy a PS2!
3	B00005O0I2	this game is great it has great graphics, and you can go anywhere you want,steal any car,and kill everybody.you work for gangs,and there are hundreads of missions and lots of secrets to discover.there are lots of weapons like handguns,uzis,shotguns,molotov cocktails,and bazookas.P.S.you will need cheats to beat this game!
3	B00005O0I2	This is perhaps the most hard-boiled, brutal, most violent game ever made; n' dat's what made it 1 uv da greatest.  N' dis game, da world iz yourz.  Dat's rite, everything you want in Liberty City iz Yourz.  Cash, money, gunz, cars, ect.  GTA3 puts u in a world u control.  If da game disagreez, u gotta make em;, by blastin amyone u see.  Unlike state of Emergency, this game allows u to do so much.  The worst city in America, but 2 u, it makes u fell proud 2 be there.  Well anyway u gotta be outta yo mind if u have a PS2 and don't own dis
3	B00005O0I2	If there is one series that has made a stir in the gaming world over the past years, it would have to be the Grand Theft Auto series from Rockstar. Not only does it allow for car theft, innocent killings and police bashing, it encourages it!Gameplay:The story line is pretty basic, but it fits well into the game. You don't have much choice about your outcome, which is quite different to the earlier GTA games, where you could chose which gang you allied with and only perform their tasks. In GTA3 it seems you have a heavily following for the local Italian Mafia, which makes for a linear, but still fun, experience.The game starts you right off into the heart of the action, Liberty City. After an escape, both you and a buddy are required to get into some street clothes and hit the town. Almost straight away the whole gangster theme begins, with job offerings and tasks a plenty.Visuals:With options maxed out, the detail given to pretty much every aspect of the city environment is fantastic. Buildings are unique, plants and sculptures are sharp and lifelike, not to mention the precise textures. It is amazing how you can actually see 3D buildings and landmarks from ages away on the horizon, instead of some backdrop. The cars and fellow city dwellers are also rendered quite nicely, with lifelike motions and animations supplementing that.Audio:The audio is without a doubt the weakest area of GTA3. Although most of the times it really is unnoticeable, the audio generally comes off muffled and low detailed. The player is given the option of numerous radio stations to listen to in cars, which is a nice addition, but due to this audio problem most of the songs are high pitched tunes with little to no bass at all.The Grand Theft Auto series is known to be brutal, chaotic and down right fun, but as far as I'm concerned, I don't think anyone who played GTA2 could have expected such an indepth and innovative redesign. Not only can you relive all your past time favorite activities like car theft, assassinations, car chases, police bashing and so forth, but you can do it all in total 3D. What more could a man ask for?
3	B00005O0I2	Oh my God! what a great game! a huge upgrade from gta 1 and london..... If your thinking about getting Vice City! then DONT! why? ill tell you why.....first of, GTA 3 is more realistic, its much darker in the streets, just like the real place :)  unlike GTA Vice city, its too colourful, like teletubbies mixed with buubaas dancing around the streets together! its pathetic. yeah yeah, in GTA vice city you can ride moterbikes.....thats a big wow!!! :)More weapons in GTA vice city, but you can only hold a cirtain amount of them, theres like 20 weapons and you can only hold 6 of them! what a rip off!GTA 3 Missions are WICKED! about 74 missions in total, 3 citys to explore, loads of cars, WICKED cars, what more would you ask for?BUY IT DONT RENT IT!
3	B00005O0I2	This game is by far the best game ive ever played. There are so many things to do. I played the missions for about 2 weeks and now im stuck on "triads and tribulations". I was frustrated so i beat it with cheats. I was {upset} cause i hate cheating so i started over and now im just crusing around. Without the main purpose of the game (missions) it still got me addicted to this game for months. I like puting bombs in my car and when the stupid triads try to steal it it blows up and they kill themselves. There is just so much you can do its unbeliveable. This game is challenging for me.The graphics are smooth.ONLY THING I DONT LIKE ABOUT THIS GAME IS WHEN U SHOOT SOME1 CLOSE TO U WITH ANY GUN BETTER THAN THE PISTOL IT BLOWS OFF HIS HEAD WHICH IS GROSS. I CAN TAKE ANYTHING (BLOOD, GORE) AND ANYTHING ELSE, FOR SOME REASON THIS WAS JUST TOO MUCH.
3	B00005O0I2	This one pushes playability much further than the previous two, thanks to the superb 3D engine. On foot or behind the wheel you can play in like 6 viewpoints, putting lame camera performance complaints to bed forever. Gameplay enhancements and the addition of first- and third-person views to the old overhead cam begins to blur the lines between games like Gran Turismo, Crazy Taxi and Twisted Metal, not to mention the slew of FPS and &quot;action horror&quot; travesties that GTA3 puts to shame.The game has the remarkably &quot;open&quot; feel of the first two - unless you accept a mission, you're not forced to do anything in particular and there are few limits on what you can explore. So inbetween jobs you can roll around town, casing out car heists, picking fights with Triads or hunting down secrets. AI is much improved, too. Pedestrians see you coming and jump out of the way. You can pick a fight with anyone, just be prepared to scrap. Some of these playas don't play.Keep an eye out for five-oh.
3	B00005O0I2	Warning- I would not recommend this game to anyone under the age of 13 and who doesn't mind violence and cursing.This game has a lot of it. Even though it is rated M, it is the most violent and fun games you will ever play. This game gives you the most freedom to do anything that you dream of. Kill people, buy weapons, have sex with hookers off the street, steal awesome cars, and kill the police (sorry to any cops reading this!). All of this is possible with Grand Theft Auto 3. This game is so awesome! They curse a lot in this game, so this isn't appropriate for younger gamers. You can listen to the radio in the game, listen to about 10 stations, jack any car you see on the street, even police cars and fire trucks!In this game, you work for the Mafia, and you go around doing missions for money. You can do anything you want. You can drive around Liberty City (modeled after New York City, but was changed after 9/11) doing whatever you please. You can go to different islands doing more things. If you get bored of it, you can do side missions like Vigilante Mode with police cars, taxi jobs with taxi cabs.This game is so much fun, you will not want to pass this up. This game is also available for the unfortunate people without a Playstation2 on the PC. THis game was rated a 9.6 by Gamespot.com, and I rented this, and I was hooked. You are going to want this!
3	B00005O0I2	A perfect video game, but clearly not for the weak of heart.  Without any regard for the PC climate of the industry, Rockstar Games gies us not only an innovative game, but a raucous, engaging one as well.  Clearly they could have made a game with this engine and none of its negative bite, but they threw caution to the wind, designed it for the audience that would find it, and ended up with a game you have to stand in awe of graphically, even if you hate what it depicts all the while.Not even CLOSE to being for children.
3	B00005O0I2	First off I want to say a few things. I have read a majority of the reviews here and I am absolutely amazed that parents with kids under the age of 17 are allowing their kids to play this. PLEASE people wake up and invest some time into what your kids are watching or playing. I know we cannot shelter them from everything, but this game is literally for adults only.Ok I am off my soap box now...on to the game. If you love the Soprano's then this game is for you. Whats not to do in Liberty City. And &quot;Liberty&quot; meaning everything that you can think of that is illegal is basically available to do. Jack a few cars... heck why not, beat down a few cops that want to arrest you...sure what the hay, feeling a little tired and need a little R&amp;R...why not pick up a lady of the night. Feeling a little frustrated about the failed missions you cannot complete...well head to a rooftop and take out a few people with your reliable sniper rifle.That is just the top of this game. There are literally dozens of if not 100+ side missions to do. Answer the local payphone and do some dirty work for the Diablos or the Jamacans. Get in a taxi and take some fares to make a few extra bucks. All the while you are listening to &quot;Chatterbox&quot; or &quot;Double Cleff&quot; radio station's to name a few.If you are over 18 get it....get it now. If you are a parent wondering why little Johny won't come out of his room while police sirens are blaring away in his room....well you better check on him....and jack his copy of GTA3 until he is at an appropriate age to play it.
3	B00005O0I2	Sure,GTA III is older,but in my opinion,it's still a blast to play.After all,this was the very first GTA game ever,to give us the third person view,as we see now in newer GTA titles.Like all GTA games,when first released,this caused a whirlwind of controversy,for it's violence,sexual themes,language and so forth.Although GTA III is over ten years old,it's still fun to play the missions,free roam,and to see how far GTA has come,since this game first came out,way back in 2001.
3	B00005O0I2	This was a great game.  I will admit.  But somehow, many excellent games were overshadowed by it.  Nevertheless this was the sleeper hit game of the year which prob. wont be outdone by Vice City.  Only time can tell.  Wait a few weeks for this to go to 20 bucks too.  I'm sure it will become a greatest hit any week now...
3	B00005O0I2	Rockstar games has completed the best game ever!  Violent as it is it is incredibly cool and fun.  Although it is a great game, it is being taken off the market! Why?  So Rockstar games will get people off their backs by making a censored GTA3.  Get your's now or you'll regret it.Many people are also saying it is not for little kids.  I agree, but how young?  This game should not be played by anyone under 13.
3	B00005O0I2	I really enjoy Grand Theft Auto 3. I ended up playing it on a whim, my boyfriend was playing it one day, and after I asked him a bunch of questions about it, he handed over the CDs to me. He's never gotten them back.One of the things I like about GTA3 is the freedom you have in the game. If you want to run around Liberty city just exploring for an hour, you can do it and not screw up your game. You can also push and go right through all the scenarios if you'd like, and skip the extra things, like rampages, hidden packages, and side missions, like playing taxi driver.I've spent hours on this game, running people around in the taxi so I can get the Borgnine taxi (red taxi with a pointy pedestrian guard). I've found all 100 hidden packages, tried to complete all the rampages, found all the cars on the lists in Portland and Shoreside Vale, and just wandered around and explored. I've also spent hours on the missions themselves, taking most of one afternoon (and multiple failed attempts) to complete the very last mission.I think the game is great, and it deserves its mature rating. People swear, you run people down with your car, shoot cops, pick up hookers, and do a variety of unsavory things. It's not a kid's game, it's a game for adults, or at the very least, teens that can understand why it deserves it's mature rating.GTA3 is great, but my perception of a good Grand Theft Auto game is tainted by Vice City, so I an only give this 4 stars. I would have liked the ability to repeat failed rampages, and possibly a few more side missions. I can only run around playing vigilante or taxi driver so long, or collect so many cars. Marty Chonk's side missions, and people like El Burro, King Courtney, and D-Ice give some relief to the basic storyline, but not that much.
3	B00005O0I2	grand theft auto 3 has everything you buy a game for.. most games fall short in one or two areas; not in gta3.. it has it all.. im not writing so much as to describe it, but to give it 5 stars.. get this game.
3	B00005O0I2	A disclamer: if you have objections to senseless video game violence, (i.e. killing hookers and old ladies to steal their 20 dollars, or murdering innocent pedestrians with your car) then this game is probably not for you.If you like lots of sadistic video game murder and mayhem, then buy this game with no questions asked. As a lifelong gamer, I say that this is the most innovative game ever. It is pretty much like Everquest, except that it is a crime simulation, and it doesn't suck.You are free to complete missions at your own pace, and there are hundreds of non-mission related goals to do. You can keep track of everything you've done with a stats screen that tracks kill, money made, and other goals completed. The city is absolutely huge, and every little part of it has its own flavor. At night the hookers and thugs come out, while the daytime is more civilized. All cars you steal have unique handling and preformance characteristics.There are hundreds of little details that I don't have time to mention, but as you play the game, you will notice something different each time. As for replay value, the game won't get old for a long, long time. I've played nonstop for 3 weeks and I'm only about 8% done. It's probably the best game for PS2 yet, and while the graphics and sound aren't the best for PS2, it more than makes up for that in sheer fun. Definitely one of the 10 most fun games ever on any system!
3	B00005O0I2	First off, I'd like to thank the religious right.  If they didn't constantly complain about this game, I would have never heard of it.  In fact, I bought a Playstation 2 in order to play this.  To say this is a great game would be an understatement.  This game definitely belongs in the greatest game of all time lists.Where to start?  First off, it's addictive.  Very, very addictive.  The Surgeon General and FDA better investigate the addictiveness of this game.  In its most basic form, you steal cars in order to complete missions.  The missions themselves vary widely, from running over someone,  stealing the right type of car, rushing to the airport, to assassinating someone.  You're not just regulated to cars.  Sometimes you have to snipe someone, fire a rocket launcher, or go through a boat chase.The realism, or should I say the general feel, is amazing.  You're not handed a car and weapons, but you steal and buy them respectively.  How to get money?  You could steal a cab and take fares, you could mug random people, or complete missions.  You're not just regulated to a straight and narrow road.  The whole city is open to you.  You actually feel like you're in entire city.  As you play longer, you start recognizing streets and neighborhoods.  You slowly become acclimated to whole place.  Just as if you moved and explored a new city.  Some things are just amazing.  For example, it takes place in rapid real time.  If you have to drive to the other end of the city, it takes three hours in GTA 3 time, and the sunlight adjusts accordingly.  That is detail.  Another example is the radio.  When you steal a car, you actually get to adjust the radio stations.  From talk to reggae, it's all there.How real is this game?  I played this game for thirty hours on one weekend, and by Monday, it actually effected my ability to drive.  I actually had to re-adjust myself to real world driving.  That has never, ever happened before.There are also so many things to do.  There are about 70 something missions to play, but you only need to complete 50 to win the game.  Extra missions are just the tip of the iceberg.  You could steal cabs and take fares, steal ambulances and rescue people, take a cop car and go into vigilante mode.  You might find yourself just exploring or killing random people for no reason.Finally, there's no really stupid plot.  You just meet people, they ask for favors, and then pay you.  Simple and straightfoward.Pros:Best Action/Adventure game ever.Open environment.Addictive.Graphics.Radio stations.Missions (Run, stealth, open ended).Not linear - not stuck at one place.Lots of extra stuff.Realistic (sort of).Cons:Mission failed? Got to get briefed again (too long).Too gray, could have used a splash of color.Sometimes forced to drive long distances.Time: 35 hoursDifficulty: MediumFrustration: Low
3	B00005O0I2	I have never been very interested in video games. I like them for a week, then don't really play them anymore.I couldn't stop playing this one from the day I bought it.I just finished the last mission, and was actually upset that there wasn't anymore!
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of my favorites for the PS2, this game is absolutely addictive and is lots of fun to play.  The graphics on the game arent bad, and the handeling of the cars is pretty good.  The missions arent too difficult and there is tons of stuff to do.  Additionally the atmosphere is huge and is free roaming which makes it even better.My only negatives about this game is that you are not able to interact with the surroundings.  Yes you can blow up cars and stuff but it would be better if you could destroy buildings and structures.  Also, while GTA VC & SA expanded on this, you are not able to destroy other cars with your bare hands, the later games expanded an made this an awesome addition.Parents beware the game is rated M and there is sexual content and lots of violence in it, which is why it is rated as such.  So parents dont claim you werent warned, you were warned its M for MATURE!
3	B00005O0I2	Is there therapy or a 1-800 number people can call that become addicted to this game?  It's that good.  I'm the last person to buy a game with cars involved.  I love going around shooting things.  This game is hand down one of the best games ever and I have my own library.  Thanks to this game I have a permanent dent in my couch from the hours I've spent playing it.  I think I've missed meals because I was too busy busting a cap into some bad guys.  I can't think of anything bad worth mentioning.  The missions just go on and on and they're all very different.  I went ahead and orderd the first GTA.  This game rocks.
3	B00005O0I2	When Grand Theft Auto 3 first came out, I didn't really pay much attention to all the hype. After picking it up recently however, I can say that all the excitement was justified. I underestimated how fun this game can actually be! You play as a criminal betrayed by his girlfriend out to get some payback on the streets of Liberty City. The main objective is to work as a free-lance criminal for various gangs and crime orginizations...but you can go on rampages of your own at any time you wish. Bystanders walk the streets ready to be ran over, angry gangsters will fire at you, rip people out of their vehicles and watch them squirm as you drive away, and of course the police are there to bust you if you get too violent. You can even pick up hookers to increase your health. Even with all of this chaos going on in the city, the PS2 manages to keep it all at an acceptable framerate. The only real flaw I can think of is the rickety targeting system: Trying to aim at one person in a melee is almost impossible. Needless to say, this is definitely an adult-oriented item. WARNING: If you have young kids, you probably will not want them to play this game. But if you have alot of pent up road rage, or just a ravenous lust for violence, there's no better way to release your anger (that's legal anyway). Also check out Grand Theft Auto 3's sequel, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City (I'll be getting that one soon myself).
3	B00005O0I2	People rave on about crappy games but this is a game to be proud of. I love and adore this game. I wish I could go everywhere with it. The graphics, gameplay, realistic time, interactive surroundings and sprites...The list is endless. The engine Rockstar used is flawless and the other two GTA's on PS2 are just as good but could never be better then GTA3. Nothing and I mean nothing can beat out this one time classic. Pong was then....GTA3 is now!
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is probably the best game for the PS2. The graphics are awesome and the whole point of being part of the mafia is cool. You can just run around and shoot people and get the cops on you if you can't beat a mission. The weapons are a pistol, uzi, ausalt rifle, sniper rifle, flamethrower, grenade, cocktail, a machine gun, and a bazooka. There are over 80 missions to beat, with all these other things that you can do for fun to. Like, if you jack a fire truck you can go around putting out fires. If you jack a police car you can kill some criminals. If you jack an ambulance you can help the injured. And if you jack a taxi you can give rides to people. There are tons of cars you can take from people. Ranging from a diesel all the way to a very fast inferno. There are three islands with different missions. You start on Portland and have to move to the next island when you complete ever mission on it. This is the best game for PS2. Go out and buy it now. I bought it without renting or testing it first. The previews just looked good enough for me.  The Game is awesome.  I can't stop playing it.
3	B00005O0I2	It's a game. It's not real. It's entertainment. Anyway...I love this game. It's extremely entertaining. people keep saying it's too violent. THEN DON'T BUY IT! This game isn't really violent in my eyes. You shoot people, blood squirts out and they die. Aaaa.. violent. It's not like doom where they explode and their guts pure out all over the ground. But there you don't people. Well you don't have to shoot people in this game. You can just hop in a fast car and do stupid stunts and explore the city.(Which is suprizingly entertaining.) So... Rent this if you don't really like violence. But what is so violent about blood? You see it everyday almost. And when it's in a game it turns ultra violent.
3	B00005O0I2	This is such a great game. The first few missions are kinda boring .., but they spice up quite a bit. I was suprised how much planning is involved with the later missions. In a few, when they're not timed, its wise, if not essential to practice escape routes, routes to get places, etc. GTA3 embodies what a game should be: fun. I beat the story part of the game, but im only 27% done with it. Now thats depth. My one problem with it is the maps. It can be frustrating to find your way around liberty city. everything pretty much relies on your memory. The map shows you the save points and contact points, but not the gun stores, paint shops, explosive shops, and other things that might be useful between missions. Overall, well worth the price tag.
3	B00005O0I2	It is 2014, so I doubt I have to explain why this gets 5 stars. This game was so great when it first came out, My old copy got lost years ago and this needs to be in the collection.
3	B00005O0I2	This is one of . . . no, THE best auto chase game out there, period. You have acess to almost any kind of vehicle you want, from a police car to a Hum-V Patriot (one of my favorites), Ambulances, fire engines, S.W.A.T. team vans, tour busses tactor trailers . . . the list goes on.The missions are in abundance too, basically you start working for a small time MOB boss, but as you explore the game you work for more and more people, doing more and more dangerous missions through three beautifully designed cities.In certain vehicles, you can go on special missions, which will not only rack you up points, but respect with the people you're working for, and as you gain their respect you get to go on better and better and more spectacular missions. And just wait until you get those weapons, the rocket launcher -- my favorite, just one shot at any vehicle, or aim it into a crowd of people and watch all hell break loose. Just a shame this game isn't on the 1 - 10 scale, because this game would get a perfect 10 for a game in its league.
3	B00005O0I2	Yes thats right everyone Grand Theft Auto 3 in my opinion is game of the century, in other words its the best video game ever made. This game never gets old. It has everything a game should have. A good story line, good graphics, good sound, good characters, lots of action, and challenging.I have completed 98% of the game and once I get to 100% I may just start all over and play it through again because its that good. However, I love this game so much I am ready for GTA4 if GTA3 is this good just imagine how good the next one will be. This is a must buy for everyone!!
3	B00005O0I2	Joe Liberman would HATE this game, and he would have good reason to. But I love it. Everything about this game is great. Whether you are on a mission or just roaming around looking for trouble, this game will keep you entertained. But be forewarned, it is not for the faint-hearted. Not only is this game a blast to play, it reminds us that we live in a free country. Only in a democracy would a game like this be allowed. To be sensible though, I would not reccomend this game to anyone under 18, but they still have a right to play it. To wrap up, this game is a must have for action lovers.
3	B00005O0I2	I'm the type of guy who likes movies with unhappy endings, and stories where the bad guy wins. GTA3 offers you a chance to be the bad guy in a world of bad guys, and get rich doing it. From double-crossing mob kingpins to cutthroat real media moguls to renegade corrupt cops on the take, you'll find yourself a mercenary to all the high-priced scum of the earth, doing the anti-hero dirty work that you know you love. You'll go from stealing sports cars for the Yakuza, to assassinating mob members (while of course avoiding the obligatory shotgun blasts and sub-machine gun fire) to rocket-launcher blasting an airplane loaded with kilos of coke from the Columbian Cartel. And that's not even mentioning the fun you'll have avoiding the National Guard's tanks.But of course, it's not all bad news. You can steal a cop car and play vigilante, murdering the thieves that wish they were you, racking up police bribes for your handiwork. You can steal a fire truck and while you're putting out fires (to get the eventual FLAMETHROWER... mmmmmm) you can listen to the delightful crunch of pedestrians beneath your wheels. Or you can skip all that and just blow everything in sight to kingdom come. Even when all of the invariably fun and challenging (Try shooting your way through the Columbian stronghold or evading the FBI and National Guard all the way across town) missions are over, the game still has ridiculous replay value with it's wealth of secrets, weapons, hidden packages, off-road missions and rampant mayhem. The world is a hellhole, and you're dropped right in the middle of it, machine gun and all.The graphics are crisp and clean, the characters' faces and bodies are infinite in variety, and the environments consist of three sprawling and beautifully detailed islands each with unique impressive landscapes and "personality." Every visual effect is the best there is -- nothing screams realism like the blood splatters around a bat-pummeled drug dealers crushed skull. The sounds of gunfire ring through the air with the fluidity of a symphony of destruction that would make Dave Mustaine cream his shorts. Elevated trains rumble overhead while wailing police sirens have you constantly muttering "Is that the game, or is it outside?" Pedestrians speak to you as you pass by, right before you blast them a new orifice. Car radios offer a selection of diverse styles of music (though the talk radio station Chatterbox tends to be the most fun to listen to) to go with the sounds of the wanton destruction outside of the car's doors. There are dozens of vehicles to steal, hundreds of people and places to be amazed by, and countless ways to enjoy this game that you wish would never end. The missions are plentiful and varied, with from low-level gang-bangers needing personal favors (like retrieving their stolen porno magazines from a rival speeding away in a van -- I love that mission) to rich entrepreneurs ordering the assassination of powerful crime leaders. The violence and the depravity never stops, and it never felt so good. Don't listen to what authority figures tell you; Crime does pay, and this game pays off, big-time. Easily the best game I've ever played for any system, anytime.Oh, and did I mention you can recharge your health by picking up hookers?
3	B00005O0I2	GTA3 is easily the best game out right now, as I'm sure all the other reviews are saying.  The missions are fun and well-designed, the controls, sounds, graphics are all great.  I can't say enough good things about this game. Yes, it's violent and has many &quot;suggestive themes&quot;, but it's all done with a sense of humor.  You just might want to keep it away from the 8th graders.  If you're thinking about getting it, you should hurry.  I've heard rumors about it getting edited or banned.  Just rumors, though.
3	B00005O0I2	If you played GTA: Vice City, then this game will pale in comparison. However GTA III came first and you have to remember that going into it if you have already played Vice City.If you are easly offended, then turn back now, no sense in reading any further because this game is not for you.The original GTA and GTA II were so horrible graphically, but so great with game play, it makes you wonder what happened in between II and III. Is there a 2 1/2? GTA II came out on PS1 as a direct PC port. It could have been remade with much better graphics on the original PS but they chose not to for some reason. With the PS2 however, GTA's future was secured. Graphics, game play, sound, just everything was perfect. You could even change the camera for that old GTA tops down view.You play a local thug looking to make a name for yourself in Liberty City (really New York). You advance the game by completing various missions for local crime bosses, gang leaders, corrupt buisness men and even a corrupt police officer. The beauty of this game is that you can advance it at your own pace. It's a go anywhere, do anything game style. When your ready to advance the game, just accept and complete a mission.There isn't much to the story. Basically your playing all of the bad guys against each other throughout the game. When you reach the end of the story line, you can keep playing, just without any missions available.There are tons of side missions too, which you can save to complete when you finish the main story line so there's plenty to do if you want. Or you can just drive around and cause mayhem.Once again, if your easly offended, don't get this game. Your first mission is picking up a "Lady of the Evening" from the clinic. There is no nudity, but lots of language, situations and gore so be warned.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto has been a favorite series for many gamers, not only because of the quality of the series, but because of the game's shocking over-the-top violence.  Being an extremely gruesome game for its time, the original Grand Theft Auto was ridiculed by politicians and parents alike as being violent and inhumane.  But this didn't stop Take 2 Interactive.  The controversial remarks only added to the series' success as the first two original games have sold well over expected sales.  (Remember, any publicity is good publicity.) The series' third outing builds on to the formula which made its predecessors so popular and throws it all into a 3D world.  The top down view is replaced by a more traditional 3rd person view and the graphics have been greatly improved and made to look more `real' than the past two titles.  Furthermore the game is much more storyline-based and the missions have become center-stage rather than just something extra to do if you have time.  The GTA series has truly evolved. The game begins with an opening cinema showing you and your girlfriend in the middle of a bank robbery.  But it's a set-up.  Your girlfriend pops a shot into you and runs off with the money as you're lying on the ground with a gun in your hand.  The cops come soon after and throw you in the back of their van ready to haul you off to jail.  As the van is en route something happens but I'll let you find out what that something is for yourself. After the `something' happens you find yourself at Luigi's, the first person that will give you some things to do in your new life.  The opening mission involves picking up a girl and taking her back to Luigi's.  The real beauty of this game is that this can be done in so many ways.  You could steal a taxi and go straight to picking her up or you could carjack a Banshee and cruise around a bit before meeting up with her.  After you complete your objectives whatever they may be you are given another mission. Although Rockstar has made the missions more of a priority, you are allowed to do whatever you please in between missions so the game never gets stale.  It's amazing how huge the game world is. Liberty City actually feels like a living breathing place.  Hundreds of people crowd the sidewalks and dozens of cars stop at red lights and turn at intersections.  The best part is that you can interact with all of it.  Want to blow up a car at the corner of 5th street and 2nd? Go ahead.  Want to attack some old ladies walking in front of a payphone in Chinatown? Fine. Keep in mind that this means this game is not for children.  You can run over innocent pedestrians walking down the street, ram a semi-truck into the back of a station wagon until it blows up, or walk down the street pumping out shotgun shells and never really get penalized.  Yes, you will be attacked by the police if something like this happens, but this, more often than not, just results in more bloodshed.  If the words "Grand Theft Auto" create a picture in your mind of someone doing something that benefits society than you need your head checked. The visuals in this game are absolutely superb.  Everything has somewhat of a cartoon feel to it and it works.  The game is streaming off the disc so most load times are usually less than five seconds.  And even if Liberty City is so huge, the frame rate only very rarely suffers.  Likewise, the sound is great as well.  Rather than having a set soundtrack, GTA3 features digital radio stations.  Each station covers a different variety of music and is complete with a DJ and commercials.  I love this because it enables you to listen to what you want when you want. Have I mentioned the great voice acting yet? The voiceovers are done by some of Hollywood's best including Joe Pantoliano, Robert Loggia, and Michael Madsen.  This makes the game all that much better and definitely gives it a more polished feel. Beyond all the cool missions and the gigantic landscape, GTA3 gives us tons to do.  There are hidden packages to be found all over the city.  Secret missions can be opened up by jacking certain vehicles.  The game also keeps track of all your kills and other statistics, such as your best "stunt" in an automobile.  The driving system is in itself fantastic, as all the different cars have a different feel to them, and they break apart in ways no other driving game has done. Although extremely violent and bloody, GTA3 is one of those games that you actually feel like you're a part of.  Every component of the game fits together like a puzzle and combines to engulf you in an amazing experience.  No other game can match Grand Theft Auto 3's ambition.  Rockstar set out to make a worthy successor to the series, and they not only succeeded but created one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing.
3	B00005O0I2	I was really skeptical about this game at first for many reasons.  For one thing the second one... (oh no legions of hardcore GTA fans will swarm me and... me) and so I waited until I could... and try it out.  I am now on my third time renting it (a record)and I am still not bored.  THere is so much to do that is insane.  The graphics are beutiful and now we have a variety in music (best are Flashback, Chatterbox, and Double Cliff) adn it makes the experience that much more enlightening.  Sadly due to some unwanted controversy in australia shipment was cuty short for a while but I will own this very soon.  I guarentee it.
3	B00005O0I2	you wana have a real rush, well get of you hide and buy this game!! Dont sit there with your stupid Game Boy find your money in your socks and go out to best buy! Buy it know baby!!
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto 3 is still one of the most innovative and overall fun games available for the Playstation 2.  In this review I will reveal some annoying parts of the game and various glitches.THE ANNOYING:- cannot shoot drivers through car windows- cannot shoot tires to cause blowouts- only about five buildings can be entered by foot or by vehicle- pedestrians walk around city blocks in circles forever, not entering buildings or getting in or out of cars- the police will only come after you.  Even if there is a full-scale gang war involving 20 gang members shooting at each other in the streets, the police will do nothing, even if they are attacked! There should be active police chases involving other drivers.  It would make the game a whole lot more fun.GLITCHES:Falling throgh the street for no reason into infinity can be annoying, but it almost never happens, so don't be put off.Some cars can be seen stuck in the fabric of matter, such as buildings, walls, etc..Overall, GTA 3 is a VERY GOOD GAME.  I just thought I'd share some of the negative aspects.
3	B00005O0I2	Za-bam!I was expecting a whole lot of this game....a WHOLE LOT.  I own both GTA 1 &amp; 2 and, quite frankly, they were probably my favorite games for the PS1.  Super replay value, engaging game play, etc etc.  I didn't know how the top-down format of the first two would translate over to the 3D third...Cripes, I wasn't let down in the slightest.  All the charm of the first two installments is there in excess.  Add to that a beautifully detailed, and fully accessable, 3D city and the ability to beat up and kick people on the ground....who could ask for anything more?I'm pleased in every way possible with this game..definitely the best one I own for the PS2.
3	B00005O0I2	Hmmm... How does one write an Amazon review for this game that wouldn't be either rejected, or mutilated for content?  I mean, the only way to earn points is to do illegal stuff... heck, you are working for the mob through most of the game!  Most games might take away points for beating an old lady with a baseball bat... not this game, it gives you points.As you may have guessed, this game isn't for little kids... as a matter of fact, anyone with any problem differenciating reality from videogames or movies should probably stay far far away from this game.  But for those of us with enough sense to realize that it is a videogame and nothing else will enjoy this game to no end.
3	B00005O0I2	i do reccomend san andreas and vice city over this one obviously but i still play it to this day so cant be all that bad right? This games super cheap now and well worth it in game time.
3	B00005O0I2	I have never played a game that can be called perfect. Grand Theft Auto is no exception. While the game definately makes my all-time top ten list, it has its flaws that cannot be ignored totally.Let's start with the good stuff first. There is definately more good than bad. This game involves a totally free world around you. Go anywhere. Do anything. Steal any car. ANY car. You want a police car? You got it. Ambulance? Got it. The beauty is that with cars such as a police cruiser you can go on extra missions, in this case Vigilante missions in which you have to hunt down criminals and kill them before time runs out. If you steal a taxi cab you can play a deadly version of &quot;Crazy Taxi&quot;. You can mug anyone. Shoot anyone. Beat anyone with a baseball bat.Folks, this game is very violent and is not for anyone who can't tell the difference between right and wrong. I definately would reccomend that you keep this out of the hands of very small children. However, it is important to note that everything in the game is done in good fun. It is a dark comedy (very dark) that is intended to make fun of the criminal life. It definately does not promote killing. It's just a game. It is important to remember that.Back to the game. Once you get sick of going around and doing your own thing you can try your luck at the (approx.) 75 missions included in this game. These missions are how you advance in the game and advance the storyline. These missions are definately fun to do, but they are where the game's flaws come in. To complete some of the missions, you must be VERY patient. Many are easy, but many are frustrating as well. The solution to the mission is not handed to you on a silver platter (it shouldn't be... games are supposed to be hard)The graphics are very good but can definately be better. Driving around can be pain sometimes as the control is a little off.But i'm really being picky. These problems are very small. This game is one of the greatest ever and belongs in any mature PS2 gamer's collection. If you don't have a PS2, this game is worth the purchase of one.
3	B00005O0I2	Grand Theft Auto rocked the world back in the mid 90's for the playstation, but there was one big problem that I know everybody knew. The graphics! If you loved the freedom of being able to roam freely around and cause as much havok as possible, then you will love gta3. It is Grand Theft Auto 2 with better graphics, weapons and gameplay.I'll start off with talking about gameplay. The gameplay is about the best there is for any game. You can either play missions and beat the game or put in a couple of good cheats and go cause mayhem. The gameplay clearly gets a 5/5.Now to the graphics. Well, this is where the game most likely lags the most. While good back in '01, we now have games that push the ps2 to the limits. If you're going for graphics then pick Gta 3 up for the computer. The graphics get a 3/5.Music/Voice acting/Sound Effects ect. The music is good. You can flip throught the radio stations to find what you want to listen to. I personally like Double Cleff Fm. 4/5Voice acting is the best there is. The mouth moves right along with what the person is saying. 5/5Sound Effects are top notch. From cars screetching to a stop to helicopters flying by to gunshots. The sound effects are some of the best I've seen. 5/5And finally Replay value. Not much, you beat it and its beat. The replay is not very good. 3/5Grand Theft Auto is a must buy for anyone with a ps2. No matter what kind of games you like. This game involves shooting, driving, and some strategy. Don't worry about the 'M' rating. The language isn't bad, I've seen alot worse (can anyone say, the getaway?). The violence is what this game gets the 'M' for. What can I say, your a criminal working for mobs and gangs, there is going to be violence and language. If you own a ps2 you need to get this.
3	B00005O0I2	The Grand Theft Auto franchise has been shocking and rocking Playstation fans since the first installment came out for the PSOne way back in the day.  The overhead view of a car which you hijacked making its way through a city and you kicking ass was totally unprecendented for its time.  When the PS2 launched Grand Theft Auto 3, a new revolution in video gaming was born.  GTA3 paves the way for GTA: Vice City and GTA: San Andreas as three of the best games ever made for the system.  After beating San Andreas I decided it was time to go back and take a look at all three of these games, and decide which was the best.  GTA3 as stated before set the bar for the future GTA games.  The story is probably the most solid in this game, for the simple fact that it is tight, compact and does not involve too many subplots.  Vice City and San Andreas involve plots that are bigger than some movies.  The main reason for GTA3's success is it's central character known simply as The Guy and its scenery.  Yes, this is the smallest landscape you will encounter in the three games.  Yes, there is no map and your only sense of direction is the small circular radar in the bottom left corner of the screen.  Along the way you meet many interesting characters, many of whom you will kill by game's end and this is something you will learn to cherish.  You do kill most of the characters who are nice enough to give you work, but you know them for a long portion of the game before you so nonchalantly take their lives.  You easily do a good 10 missions for Kenji Kessen before Donald Love tells you to give him the axe.  This is something that is missing in both Vice City and San Andreas.  Going back to The Guy, he is clearly the most badass character in the GTA series and he pulls this off miraculousy without saying a word!  His demeanor, attitude and kick ass mentality will leave you smiling after his trail or corpses and dust.  Finally, the scenery in the game is top notch.  GTA3 is much much darker than both Vice City and San Andreas.  The late 90's setting is apparent in the gloomy, overcast three islands, which is essential to the storyline and characters.  You can't picture Tommy Vercetti wandering through these streets and making the same impact as The Guy.  This isn't to say that Tommy isn't a bad dude, but Vice City's glitz and glamour suits him much better.  GTA3 sets the bar for the two games which follow it, and it sets the bar very high.  This is a milestone in video gaming, yet Rockstar soon surpasses its milestone with its next installment.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is so much fun you don't even have to go through the missions. It is fun just to go on a rampage and see how long you can evade the cops. The game is fully interactive, so you can so just about anything. There is such a wide variety of things to do and cars to steal. Plus the missions are cool and challenging. Awesome game.
3	B00005O0I2	This game is a tremendous example of near perfection in a video game. In GTA3 you play the role of a criminal, and you can steal cars and kill people.  But what makes this game almost perfect is the complete freedom to explore the city and do missions seperately.  There are really no blocked areas, as the other parts of the city can be reached by certain methods other than completing the necessary missions.  the game is very addictive, and the cops are CRAZY!
3	B00005O0I3	Looking for a deep fighting game that will keep you coming back for more for months?  Looking for a fantastic showcase of all that your XBOX can do?  You'll find all these features and more in DOA3!The graphics and effects are simply unbelievable.  Never has a game looked or played this well on any home system.  The lifelike moves and near-real backgrounds (I love the forest and the snow level where the snow actually crunches and deforms under the weight of your characters!!).  A lot of time and effort was put into this title to ensure that it takes full advantage of the XBOX's powerful capabilities and they've succeeded on all counts.How's the gameplay?  One word...EXCELLENT!  DOA3 will remind you of all those fun hours you invested to learn classic fighting games like Street Fighter II.  You'll find yourself going back again and again to perfect your skills and to unlock the cool hidden movies and costumes.  There are so many moves in this game its possible you may not see them all.  The training mode is great too...especially the &quot;exercise&quot; mode where you are put through a test to execute each and every move of your chosen character.One last thing...DOA3 is the first XBOX game to offer the bonus of add-ons.  The latest issue of the OFFICIAL XBOX MAGAZINE has the booster pack which will add a new opening movie and over 20 new outfits to this already awesome game!Every XBOX owner should have this title in their collection!  An instant classic!!
3	B00005O0I3	Good stuff:-Best graphics ever!-It's so suicideBad stuff:-It's a little limited and redundantWeird stuff:-Don't you wish there were minigames in DOA(and no I don't mean time attack or survival, etc.)?-Do you ever wish you could make some one fall somewhere where it would count as a ring out?-Can't they add at least 10 hidden characters and not just Ein?Final thought:I think that this is one insane game.  However, they could invent some new things.  If that happened this would be a way better game.
3	B00005O0I3	It's hard to say which is the best game out for Xbox. While Halo could arguably take the cake, it's Dead or Alive 3 that has the most playing hours logged in my Xbox.This game has it all. The first thing you'll notice is the amazing graphics; easily the best of any fighting game to date. The animation is fluid and superb. The game play is simple and intuitive but at the same time complex enough so that even after several months you won't have mastered the game.The game borrows much of it's fighting style and feel from Street Fighter II, and that's only a good thing. Blocking is acheived by an intuitive pull back method. The fighting is accomplished using four basic moves: punch, kick, throw, and counter. Other buttons are used, but they are basically just a combination of the four basic buttons. Variations of moves are accomplished by the direction or movement of the pad in combination with the button used for the basic move. For example, pushing forward and the punch button will cause you to do a different punch than say pushing backward and the punch button. Combinations are accomplished by correctly performing a sequence or certain moves.The game also adopts sort of a &quot;rock/paper/scissors&quot; approach to fighting that I didn't realize until after playing the game for some time. Counter moves will beat attacks (kick/punch). Throws will beat counter moves. Attacks (kick/punch) will beat throws. Of course these moves don't automatically beat each other; it does take some skill by the player. But in general, learning how to do throws will help you out immensely against an opponent who seems to counter your every move.DOA3 has many different game modes including story mode, team battle, survival, practice (very handy for learning all your moves), but it is tag battle where the game really shines. You can play tag battle by yourself or with up to a total of four players. Four player battle is definately the most fun. Not only do you have to know how to play your own character, but you also have to learn to work will with your partner. Tagging in or out at the wrong time can create disasterous results. While tagged our, your health slowly regenerates. Tagging in at the right time can allow you to perform devastating combo moves with your partner and can keep momentum in your teams favor.I bought this game when Xbox came out and I'm no where near tired of it. It's one of those games that every owner of the system should own.
3	B00005O0I3	Truely a must own for any Xbox owner.  This game really starts to push the Xbox with its high processing power, and truely gorgeous graphics, the game's detailed to the teeth, and if I were to buy an Xbox, this would be my first game.  A brilliant fighter reborn on a new system, with its fresh graphics and gameplay, a must own, no questions.
3	B00005O0I3	Pros:Exellent graphicsLot's of different movesA wide variety of charactersEvery time you do story mode with a character the story is different so you haven't beating story mode until you've beaten it with every characterHigh fun factersuperb envirormentscool movieslot's of other besides storyCons:Story mode pretty short even done with all characters
3	B00005O0I3	Awesome fighting game, you can button mash, but if you get good at it you can waste any button masher. The graphics are totally awesome, especially the CG movies for each of the characters, not to mention its got really, good looking, ladies on it, and this could be a warning, or, an attraction to the game for some people, but one of the new characters has a CG movie that shows some, skin, and more than what you'd expect, the entire backside, without any coverings, and a bit uncovered from the side. Then the rest of the movie is her walking around in her underwear watching tv. Just remember. She kicks high...
3	B00005O0I3	This game is worth 5 stars, And its all for 19 dollars! Such a great prise, But for 2 years of goodness it should be worth over 30 dollars ;-). This game takes you to a realistic world of over 14 charecters, With fabulouse CG endings! With a new feature of unlimited falling. Each charecter comes with 2 or 3 costumes and 3 or less secret colors. Smash your enemy on the wall, Knock them off to a secret stage area. Play story mode and watch some special demo scenes and meet your match! And the final boss needs some special strategy to defeat him, What i do is i wait for him to come near me and i keep punching him non stop!. The hidden charecter is like an EX charecter... I was hoping it was a new charecer... The female fighters look more sexy and dressed to kick butt! Most of the fighters don't really have a new costume but they look better on Xbox! There arn't that many unlockables like the second one but still its a fun game!Features:Over 14 charecters of play.Unlock special endings and a secret ex fighter.Secret color changer feature.over 4 modes of fighting action!over 3 new fighters of all countries.Music from the band aerosmiths.Wall breaking feature.
3	B00005O0I3	4 stars because even though the features are lacking, the game was pretty much a launch title for the original xbox, seeing how the copyright date says 2001 on the game.Story mode is pretty short, but still interesting to play.
3	B00005O0I3	Some may argue that Dead of Alive 3's only appeal is its wonderful character models. It's certainly true that Tecmo's lead developer on the project, Tomonobu Itagaki, had a fondness for his character, particularly the well-endowed female characters. He was so fond of them, in fact, he put them in a volleyball video game where they could strut their stuff in bikinis, while hopping up and down, no less. Perhaps it was to a disturbing degree that Itagaki admired these characters, but there's no denying his team did an excellent job of rendering them life-like. While the excellent visuals are one reason to enjoy DOA 3, beneath the eye candy is a fast and brutal game with an extraordinary fighting engine.With twelve well-balanced characters in its roster, with between 60 and 110 combos in their arsenal, this is a game one can spend a long time with, if you want to get to know each character. The sparring mode allows you to practice and memorize the moves of each character. This is a feature I wish more fighting games used, as it can be difficult to learn moves merely by fighting. Once you feel comfortable with a character, you can head off to the story mode, which doesn't have much of a story, and fight the computer AI on different difficulty levels. Or you can play with some friends on one of the many different modes (outlined below). The fighting moves lightning fast and there's never a hitch; throwing punches, kicks, and opponents has never looked so awesome. The game adds strategy in the form of counter attacks. Counter attacks help prevent one player from simply pounding another into submission by mashing the button, but there is also a level of guesswork in the counters to balance things out. To be successful at this game requires a little more thought than mashing your favorite combo.With the realistic looking characters comes excellent character animation. Each character's stance and attacks bring out their personality. Take Zach, for example; when he kicks, it's a quick and spastic kick, accompanied by a shout, to display a level of hyper energy. Christy, the assassin, also has quick jabs, but hers are focused on certain areas of the opponent. She has a deadly calmness about her. This is true for all of the rest of the characters, though some are certainly more interesting than others.The game also has plenty of game modes to choose from. I've mentioned the sparring mode, which is merely a place for practice. I've also mentioned the story mode, though I'd like to add that this is merely for single players, and its purpose is largely to unlock movies for each of the characters. The movies are well-done, for the most part, so this is worthwhile, though the story mode is essentially a bunch of randomly thrown together fights. The survival mode is a nice challenge, as you fight opponent after opponent and see how long you can last. Team attack allows you to create a team of fighters to face against your opponent's team of fighters, where your next fighter comes in when the current one's health dwindles to zero. The tag battle mode and vs. mode allow for one on one or two on two fighting action. This is a healthy amount of game modes, however there's not a whole lot of depth. DOA 3 does pale in comparison to some of the other fighters out there, such as Soul Caliber, but as an early Xbox game it was a rather fun diversion that sucked away a lot of time.
3	B00005O0I3	-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-The graphics are intense...and so are the fights!  This has to be the best fighting game to date.  How can you not like half dressed women (with obvious enhancements) duke'n it out on beautiful landscapes?  The beach stage is awesome with realistic water rippling up on the shores.  The forest is way cool with flowing leaves.  And all the multi-tier stages where you end up kicking the opponet seemingly miles downward.....awesome!  This game is coolness beyond cool.  It's a ton of fun when playing against other people, as single player can get a bit boring after awhile.  The story mode is fairly short....but you get individual movies for each character.  What's this....a shower scene??  Yah, well, it's DOA3.....and it is smokin'!!
3	B00005O0I3	The fighting is fun but it gets old after a while (this could be said about many fighting games) I prefer Tekken.
3	B00005O0I3	The Graphics alone deserve a 4.5 stars or 5 stars at least. But rating the ENTIRE GAME GETS A 3.5 stars. The actuall game play (button configuration, movements in environments, the fighting style is pretty good/decent,etc.) But it does get a LITTLE REPETITIVE and the STORY LINE is a little SHAKEY. If you are a DIE HARE DOA fan you should buy it. If you like the DOA series I'd say rent it or try it out for an hour at a friends house or on a demo and then decide if you want to BUY IT or NOT. Once you beat the game with everyone (which does'nt take too long) there is nothing much more to do except play a few more times or with a friend.
3	B00005O0I3	Everyone bought Battle Arena: Toshinden for their Playstation when it came out, and everyone was amazed.  This surpasses that feeling.  Playing DOA3 IS like playing an arcade game.  No separation between console and arcade on this.  The graphics are better than you have seen on anything, and I mean anything computer rendered.  Better than PC,  better than arcade, just plain top of the line production here.  And fighter combos, combos galore.  Anyone who can learn and execute every combo for every fighter at will is truely a sick man. Far too many for me, but you don't need them all.  You can have fun without all the combos.  I have no idea how many easter eggs and cheats are in the game, but I am sure they abound.  This game made me enjoy fighting games again.
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 for the XBOX is the best fighting game currently available. Though some may dispute that statement by saying that other fighters are better. DOA3 has everything perfectly executed. The gorgeous graphics with fluid animation, various fighting styles and characters, complex combo moves, excellent gameplay modes and responsive controls. The artificial intelligence is excellent and will learn your fighting style to counter attack. So you cannot beat-up the computer with cheap shots or corner them because they learn to escape and kick your ass. I love just about everything in DOA3 except, the sound fx because they sound like metal hitting metal. And despite the fact that the moves look devestating and painfull, none of the characters ever die or get visable injuriesPros:+excellent controls+lots of game modes+tag team fights+amazing combo moves+beautiful character designs+fluid animation; almost life-like+beautiful backgrounds+training mode teaches you to kick ass+excellent A.I. learns your moves+awesome counter-attacks/movesCons:-sound fx are strange-nobody dies or gets permanant injuriesDead or Alive 3 is a spectacular fighting game because it looks amazing and plays amazing. I think it is the best fighting game out there.
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 is currently the best fighting game avaible on any consoles right now.It features fast,fun gameplay and it isn't just a button smasher- there's plenty of combos and skill needed for experianced fighting fans too.The graphics in Dead or Alive 3 are just amazing.This game shows you the power of Xbox.It also coulden't be done on any other system; only Xbox was powerful enough to handle a game like this excellent masterpiece.Go buy Dead or Alive 3 now.The future of fighting games is now and Dead or Alive 3 is it!
3	B00005O0I3	Many people are saying that this game has awesome graphics - but that other elements of the game are not as worthy.  I disagree... the gameplay is just as good as the graphics.  Keep in mind that many of the reviews prior to mid-November (the Xbox release date) are from people who have never even played the game - they are merely speculating.  It is a very solid fighting game - not just a pretty first-generation xbox game.  After playing it for 6 or so hours a day for the last 4 days, it holds a permanent place in my xbox gaming collection.
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 is and Xbox exclusive installment in the fighting game series that is well known for it's &#34;style&#34;. I had to give it four stars instead of five for a couple reasons. When looking at the collection in it's entirety(1-5) this one seems to offer almost the least. I'm sure when it was new it offered the most, but since then they have re-released 1 and 2. Dead or Alive 1 offers the least(and feels different then the rest) but they added TONS of costumes to Dead or Alive 2 Ultimate. I picked up all of them up at the same time. So, comparing them like that, Dead or Alive 3 does offer plenty, but you will find more in the others with the exception of the first. Another thing to point out; I played these on my Xbox 360 and the only compatibility issues I had were with Dead or Alive 3. Some of the ending clips either skip or don't play at all. So, that is also something to consider because if I had the option I would only play this on the original Xbox.
3	B00005O0I3	It is clear from the opening scenes that this game will provide you with awesome eye candy.  The graphics are nothing less than perfect.  It is so amazing how the fabric on the characters' clothes even moves when they are jumping around.  Hey, even body parts jiggle in this game.  I was also impressed by the intricate martial arts movements each character possessed.  And many of the awesome movements are simple to key in using your controller.  These aspects of the game are truly Alive.Now for what I consider to be the dead aspects of the game:  First, the game play is not captivating.  I had this game for about two days before I was totally bored with it.  Everything about this game seems redundant.  In an age of dynamic games for dynamic gamers, this game is simply to &quot;Street Fighter-Like.&quot;  Once you defeat this game a few times (does not take very long), you are left with a shell without any reusable content.This game is both Dead and Alive.  I still give it four stars for the attempt at highly intricate movements and graphics.  Nice to have in your Xbox collection for those days when all your video game friends are over and you all want to challenge each other.
3	B00005O0I3	This game is hot it a deep fighting game story is just like any other fight they fight in a tournament for whatever reason and just like any other fighter there are girls with big chest and tight and or short clothing the dead or alive games always did have girls who's chest bounce and flop up and down alot more than other fighting games but it is a really good fight game
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 is in every way a superb game.The graphics, needless to say, are THE most impressive ever seen for any fighting game on ANY console.  This is eye candy at it's best, but also has much depth to it.  The gameplay could not get better. Many people say that DOA3 is &quot;masher friendly,&quot; that a &quot;rookie can take on pros without practicing.&quot;  Statements like those simply are not true.  It has just as much depth as Tekken or Virtua Fighter.  Veteran players can truly utilize the counter system and interactive objects instead of getting lucky like newbies do.  Positioning, wall combos, wall throws, and &quot;late&quot; counters are just a few of the ways that veteran players can use to easily dispose of a &quot;button masher&quot;.Along with being truly 3D unlike Tekken, DOA3 also takes items like wall combos and multi-tiered stages to a whole new level.  Some stages are so small that you can't help but send your opponent off a cliff or smashing into a wall.  This really forces you to strategize against an experienced player and shows that this game does in fact require some strategy.  But enough about gameplay.I LOVED the music in DOA3.  Now I'm no fan of Aerosmith, but the character themes are completley un-orthodoxed, but very original.  I really liked Hitomi's theme as well as Lei-Fang's.  The sound effects are crisp and ride nicely over the music.  The one area DOA3 comes up short is, unfortunately, its replay value.  There isn't much to unlock in DOA3 and a lot of players were expecting dozens of secrets like in number 2.  But that just didn't happen.  Still the reason I give DOA3 a perfect 5, despite it's lack of replay value, is because it REALLY didn't come up short in this category.  The game already has a booster disc available (found on the demo disc in the June 2002 issue of OXM) with extra costumes for the characters, extra moves, and a new intro movie found in the Japanese version.  What this means is that instead of having little or no replay value, DOA3 could have INFINITE replay value.  And for a hardcore DOA fan like myself, it doesn't get any sweeter than that!Pixel for pixel.  Poly for poly.  Dead or Alive 3 has NO short comings.
3	B00005O0I3	If your into the fighting genre, then this is definately your game.  I was a fan of DOA back when it was first out on a console on the playstation into the Dreamcast then PS2, and now finally on the XBOX.  So I might be a little bias, but I really feel that it has the best fighting engine, with the counters and realism.  Given alot of the better fighting games are exclusive with a system, with the PS2 having tekken and Virtual Fighter, but DOA3 still matches much better then either one.  Sure it might have it's certain "appeal" but if you really give the game a serious chance you'll find that it can be alot of fun.  Single player, like most fighting games is satisfactory, but the multiplayer is set up really well, with tag matches and great environments.  The graphics are without a doubt better then anything out there.  Team Ninja is really a remarkable developer, and has my support in everything they do.  Even Soul Caliber 2 doesn't come close to matching the beauty of DOA, which came out a good year or two after DOA.  Until tecmo publishes another sequel, I doubt there will be a better 3-D fighting game out there.
3	B00005O0I3	I got this game back when it first came out at the regular price. This one game that you keep playing and playing and always have fun, especially with a group of friends. Now that it is in the Platinum Hits for that amazingly low price, if you have not got the game, definitely you should get it as it is a title to have on your X-BOX game collection. This is definitely a classic now! Graphics are awesome! Controls are simple enough for a newbie and great for seasoned players!!
3	B00005O0I3	Love this game! Great addition to the DOA series! A very fast paced fighting game! Came in great condition too!
3	B00005O0I3	...it's too short.  I beat it inside of a weekend.  It's meant to be a multi-player game.  The plot development is a joke, there isn't any, just some very vague scenes and dialogue that hint towards something.  There are many modes which makes it good, and there are some cheats, but they are really only for different outfits for the characters.  The official XBOX Magazine has said that there is going to be an add-on disc for DOA3 that will expand the outifts, moves, and arenas that should be out... [soon].  But by far the best quality as with all XBOX games is the graphics!!! WOW!!  The action is also terrific!!  It's a great game but I probably won't buy another 'fighter' until [later] when 'Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance' releases. :)
3	B00005O0I3	This game is awesome. It really shows off the Xbox graphics and power. I was blown away by the graphics and the fighting. No lag at all, and very clear polygons. Excellent game.
3	B00005O0I3	I LOVE THIS GAME CAUSE IT REMINDS ME OF KILLER INSTINCT GOLD. THE GRASPHICS IN DOA3 ARE UNBELIEVEABLE. INSTEAD OF PLAYING IT SOME TIMES I'D CHOOSE TO JUST VIEW IT IN THE WATCH MODE AND LOOK AT THE MOVES THEY USE. TO ME DOA3, ES3:MORROWIND,TUROK:EVOLUTION,AND HALO HAVE DEFINED WHAT A GREAT GAME IS SUPPOSED TO BE ON A CONSOLE SYSTEM. LETS SEE IF THE GAME DEVELOPERS FOLLOW THEIR PACE AND GIVE US SOME THING BETTER. IF THEY DON'T OR CAN'T VIDEO GAMES ARE FINISHED.
3	B00005O0I3	The future of fighting games has arrived.  DEAD OR ALIVE 3 delivers an in your-face experience unlike any other!  The incredible tag-battle feature lets up four players pummel each other with exciting tag team moves until one duo stands victorius.  Drool over the lush fighting enviroments and muti-tired stages as you kick, punch, and throw your opponents over balconies, through walls, and off of cliffs!  DEAD OR ALIVE 3 is the most dynamic, jaw-dropping fighting game out there, and the slick control makes it easy to puck up and lay the smackdown.  The future is now.  Are you ready?!.
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 has a unique side that makes it completely special and better from any other fighting game.  That and it has more sexy pixelized chicks than any other game made (yet.) Although the arenas could use a bit more freedom, the game plays well and keeps you playing; especially if you have somebody else fighting against you. In my opinion, the canyon level is the most exciting, because you can continuously pound your opponent off of cliffs, which is an easy way to win. In short, if you are fed up with other fighting games .... play this. It's great.
3	B00005O0I3	I'm gonna skim over the obvious stuff: the graphics are great, there's not much to unlock, the action is faster.Okay, now for the important part.What impressed me into buying DOA 3 was the way the fighting actually looked real. It wasn't just two people throwing different punches or kicks at each other, like Tekken (which is a fun game nonetheless). The combat is much more dynamic. Holds and counter-moves play an important role. The environment you fight in also affects things, cause you can throw opponents through windows, slam them into trees, or kick them over cliffs. I know of no other game that does this, except maybe DOA 2 (which I never played). This is what keeps you coming back for more, because all these elements make the fighting so dynamic that you almost never fight the same fight twice. And the fact that it looks so darn good!The story was short and fairly pointless, but it wasn't that hard to follow, unlike Tekken, where you never had a clue what was going on. There is one new character to unlock but he's not the end boss. So the emphasis is more on multiplayer. You can have 4-player tag team matches but only 2 players will fight at a time.I just have to add that the characters are unbelievably well detailed, especially the women :). Nothing out there can compare, not even Tekken 4. It's truly groundbreaking.Bottom line: If you're looking for a fighting game, look no further.
3	B00005O0I3	Please kindly tell me.  Is there any game that has better graphics than DOA3.  Plus, this has wonderful, addictive gameplay that keeps people (like me) up all night long.  This is a must buy!
3	B00005O0I3	However I must warn you of a few things first though.  One, the single player made is easy, boring, a drag, and without a good plot to back it up.  In other words, single player mode stinks!  Two, this game doesn't own you without tag team mode.  Which means that without at least two controllers this game will not keep your attaintion up!  Now that we've that out of the way the gameplay is smooth and crisp, the graphics are beautiful, the girls are...nevermind, and the muti-player is great!  However like I said, without muti-player this game has little to no replay value!
3	B00005O0I3	Great graphics, great moves, great title.All i could ask for is more adult content. :)
3	B00005O0I3	Sure, we've been spoiled recently with incredible graphics in fighting games. Tekken, on the Playstation 2, is one of my favorites, with its shimmering waters and floating leaves. It's pretty amazing that barely a year later, it's been blown out of the water!First, I have to admit that the 'story mode' is very cheezy. Well, that's the same for any fighting game. You choose one of the many characters, choose an outfit, and jump into battles. Your person says a few words, the enemy says a few words, and they fight. With some good button-mashing, you can zip through any story in no time at all.That's not what these games are built for, though. They're best when played multiplayer against a real human opponent! The story mode and other training modes are just to get you to learn the moves. And this is where it truly begins to shine! There are a variety of fighting styles represented in the game, and each one has a wide number of moves. They're truly amazing once you get them down, and the graphics are incredible. Their movements are smooth and fluid, from the slice of the hand to the bouncing of the pom-poms.The backgrounds are true eye candy. There's a level where you're playing surrounded by aquariums, and even the floor you're on is the glass top of a fish tank! Another level has you fighting in the snow - and your feet mess up the snowdrifts! You can fight in a candle-surrounded room, with beautiful flickering fire, and knock them over with your opponent. Smash through a wall, and you're out on the roof! Roll off the roof, and you're down in the courtyard! It's truly like watching a fighting animation on tv, but you can control the action.Half the fun is figuring out the secrets of each level. Can you smash through the trees? Can you throw your enemy through that plate glass window? The water splashes with each step you take, the electric fence zaps your enemy, the neon sign flickers as you fall against it.This game definitely shows off the incredible capability of the X-Box, and is a must-have for anyone who loves fighting games. Even if you don't currently, this game might convince you why they're so much fun!
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 is a little better than DOA2 in every category. The graphics are a little better, there are more characters, you can play tag battle in many different modes, there is a hidden character unlike DOA2 and each character has at least three different outfits after you get the DOA3 booster disc. The only bad thing is that there are too many limitations in the game. On the watch mode, you should be able to play on several more stages and there should be a knockout feature so that all of the fights will not be continuous. You should be able to play on more stages for survival and team battle modes as well. Time attack mode should be affected by the difficulty level and you should be able to adjust the amount of rounds that you want to play. A soundtrack feature would also be something nice to have. So hopefully Tecmo will add more extra's to the game on a future booster disc.
3	B00005O0I3	Whether you just want a few minutes of fun, or are looking for hours of intense gameplay, this is the beat-em-up game you want to get. Graphics are fantastic, moves are plentiful, and gameplay is rewarding.This is actually the first xBox game I ever played. This has been a while ago. It certainly was the game that made me buy this console (well, alright, I would have probably bought it no matter what...)
3	B00005O0I3	Dead or Alive 3 is the best fighting game I have ever played. The characters, moves, and stages are unique. The best part about it is how an opponent can be hit into electric fences, kicked off rooftops, and smashed through icicles and more. To maximaze the fun play with friends in single and tag battles. You're probally wondering "If this game is so good why did you rate it 4 stars". Thats because it is to short in story mode. You only fight 6 characters before you fight the master. The master is Genra and he is a big pain to fight. Don't get me wrong theres more than just story mode. You can play 7 other modes called Time Attack, Survival, Tag Battle, Team Battle, Versus, Sparring (or practice mode),Watch Mode, and Theater Mode, I reccomend this game to kids over 10.
3	B00005O0I3	This game has great graphics almost look like dead or alive for the 360 in fact the only problem with this game is I beat it in 10 mins its that easy on single player but good game for the most part ..
3	B00005O0I3	The graphics in this game are incrediable.  I played this game for hours.  The movement of the characters is very good.  Sometimes it looks like you hit the person but it doesn't do anything.  Once you learn the controls.  It is a good game to purchase.
3	B00005O0I3	Like a kid in a candy store, I just can't have enough of DOA3. The game looks so sweet it makes my eyes ache. DOA3 has established itself as a formidable contender in the fighting game genre, along side with other great titles like Tekken, Virtua Fighter, and Street Fighter. This installment on the XBox IS the best looking fighter game currently available.Graphics 10Tecmo's Team Ninja has really showed off XBox graphics power with DOA3. I don't want to be repetitive, just let me say every graphical aspects of this game, i.e. character models, background, lighting, shadows, different effects, etc., are Perfect. Everything runs smoothly and beautifully. One thing worth mentioning is that XBox has great built-in anti-alias function. Most of other XBox games &quot;look&quot; and &quot;feel&quot; dull and blend because anti-alias blurs out sharp edges, so the 3D models don't &quot;stand out&quot; as much. Miraculously, Team Ninja utilizes this anti-alias technology discretely and make the proper things look &quot;stands out&quot; and others properly blended into the backgroud.Sound 7.5Music and Sound Effects are well done. I cannnot say I am impressed with the soundtrack, or that any of the sound effects are special. The game sounds good... I don't believe Team Ninja put too much emphasis on the sound department.Gameplay 8.5Button mashing? Skills? I do not think it is relevent. Like many other games, you can invest a fraction of you life and perfect those 200 chained combos and whatnot, or you can just button mash! The game does provide those 2 options. Which ever way you choose to play your game, most importantly is that it's fun!Value 9Not as many features to be unlocked like other installments, but it still has extra goodies to keep you interested in discovering the whole game. The Tag Team mode can be a whole new game by itself because the tag attacks are fun and very well done. The recent release of Add-Ons Discs for North America consumers adds even more costumes (quality costumes, not chessy ones) to the game. When you want some quick fighting action, you can always come back to DOA3... or when you are extremely lonely, you can always come back for Tina.Overall 9I really like this game. It is FUN, and BEAUTIFUL. It is definitely worth purchasing if you own an XBox. I don't usually recommend purchasing a game; however, this game is SO SWEET to look at that you should just buy and play the game on &quot;Watch Mode&quot; to show off to yourself and your neighbors =). With what they have accomplished so far with DOA3, I can't wait for the next Team Ninja title on XBox.
3	B00005O0I3	This fighting game has some of the best graphics! I remember arcades worse then this! The only problem i had with it was that it beat it in like 2 days. :( i also wish it was online.Over all, great game play! Great graphics, Great everything, its a buy
3	B00005O0I3	If you liked the tekken series you love this one even more.This is all about speed & power and the graphics are awesome!!!
3	B00005O0I3	A friend of mine introduced me to DOA2. This is no real change from it. I still like it tho. Having no real plot to speak of, (maybe something got lost in the translations to the English subtitles, who knows) the fighting is just as good if not better. The characters flow better and the moves are more complex. Perfect game to play with friends. As said before, no real point, just beat the (...) out of your emeny.
3	B00005O0I3	Back in the day (around May) when I was still looken for a game system, I headed over to the demo section, and tried a game for the Gamecube (Rogue Leader), the PS2 (NCAA Gameday 2002), and and XBOX.  Unlike with the other demos, XBOX had several games you could try.  I tried DOA3, and I was amazed:1. The options are amazing!  There must be 3 or 4 dozen moves to try, and I still haven't figured them all out yet.  To begin with, there are over 12 characters to choose from, ranging from fighting styles of former wrestlers to ninjas.  The envirements to chose from are incredible!  Half the fun of the game is looking for secrets in the 2 dozen levels.  You can either do story mode (my least favorite part), versus mode (fight each other 2-4 player), team battle, survival mode (my persounal favorite), tag battle, and movies.  In the versus mode, 2 to 4 people can fight tag team against each other.  It's a real blast.  My persounal favorite in this game (besides multiplayer), is survival mode.  Beating as many openants as u can.  Each oponnant gets harder until you're literally fighting for your life.  A great game in terms of options, you'll spend hours upon hours fighting DOA3 style.2. The gameplay in this game is awsome!  It never gets to easy, and I still can't beat the computer on the setting  &gt;very hard&lt; after a 100 hours of gameplay; it's mouth watering!  The moves are fun and graceful, and the overall gameplay in just about everything (survival mode, story, team battle) is good enough to keep u entertained.  The gameplay, I'm very happy to say, does not fail here.3. The graphics: what really made this game!  Every single fighting arena is huge, beautiful, and has the best graphics I've ever seen.  When your fighting in a snow covered forrest, your feet leave footprints, and being knocked into a tree causes snow to fall from it in clumps.  In an aquarium setting, whales and dolphins actually glide by you while fighting.  In hill top setting, you can knock off the oppenant for dozens of stories onto lower hill tops.  Water in this game looks like real water, and the crispness of everything is just amazing!  The people look so real you'll grimace when they get hit (well, maybe not quite that much).  No gore, but it seriously looks like a real fight is going on.Overall, you should get this game.  Especially counsidering the price drop recently.  A classic game, this was the reason I bought XBOX, and it may be the reason you should to!
3	B00005O0I3	I lovethe arenas that you get to play in this game... they are beautiful, and for once the end-animations (after you play story made) are really well made. The graphics are cutting-edge and the whole game overall is easily one of the best fighters currently on the market if not the best.Gameplay takes some getting used to, but if you like fighting games you will like this. I usually use this game to show off the XBox's graphics -- but like any other fighting game, unless you have friends to compete against it gets old.
3	B00005O0I3	I just bought this game and when I first played it, I was amazed. The people are so life-like and so were the landscapes. The actual fighting is good also with bone-crushing moves and throwing people of cliffs. However, it is sort of a button-mashing game where you randomly hit buttons. Also under time-attack mode, it gets very hard and your opponent always counters your moves and has like 10 hit cmbos. Once you get over the graphics, you find a good, not great, fighting game.
3	B00005O0I3	This game has a lot going for it, and is one of the best fighting games of all times.  There could've been some better options, and the story mode could've been a little less fragmented, but overall a must-have for whatever level of gamer you are.
3	B00005O0I3	Okay, so we all know that Halo is the best Xbox game out there.  But we need more then one game to play on our shiny new Xboxs right?DOA3 is a sheep wrapped in wolf's clothing (well a very cool sheep anyways).  I'm not the biggest fan of fighting games, but I found this title to be quite entertaining.  From a purely gameplay standpoint it certainly holds up.  Not the best fighting game in the world, but a damn solid one.The really exceptional part about DOA3 is the graphics.  Animation is smooth and fluid with breathtaking effects (yes I know it's an overused term, but the graphics really are amazing).  This has to be the most graphically inspired game I have ever played.  If your looking for a showpiece title, this one qualifies easily.  The anime style characters are nice to look at, and the level design is borderline obsessive.  Seriously, levels look confined at first until you knock your opponent out of a window and see them fall 100 feet to the ground and continue to fight.If you like 3D fighting games or if your looking for a showpiece title then by all means pick this one up.  However, its hardly a must have title.  Lots of fun sure, but not nearly as much replay value as Halo.  Of course nothing in my recent experience has the replay or fun factor of Halo but as far as a great looking 3D fighter goes this game rocks.
3	B00005O0I3	What are you people talking about a game shouldnt be given 1 star just because of the story.  The gameplay and graphics are good and just because the story is dum doesnt mean you shouldnt buy a great fighting game.
3	B00005O0I3	As the highest profile launch game for Xbox, DOA3 has a lot riding on it's shoulders,and it doesn't disappoint. This amazing fighting game is a stunner in more ways than one. The dramatic victory of Ryu (not to be confused with the one from SF,though there have been a lot of crossover titles these days so I don't know...)in the last DOA tourney was not enough to avoid the end of the century Tengo disaster, causing mass destruction and global dispair. The story that unfolds in DOA3 doesn't make the convouled plot any clearer(but then again fighting game aren't known for engaing weaving tales are they? Fortunatly, DOA3 delivers everything else you could have hoped for in  a next-gen brawler. Anyone who plays this knows that graphics are where DOA3 shines, but I've seen seen screen shots and they can't convey the feeling of all the extra detail and amazing animation of the flowing clothes on the characters. The environments are also a stunning exercise in visual excess, with every object intricately drawn, not to mention the sheer size of some areas. The DOA3 fighting engine has finally found a distinct set of rules to round out previous game balance issues. Common counters are skightly hareder to time and do less damage while the brand-new advanced reversals not only separate the skilled from the button mashers, but also inflict extra damage. The numerous refinements manage to remain accessible to beginners, give experts the depth they crave, and achieve good overall gameplay balance.The games audio is the only thing that fails to hold its own. Having Aerosmith provide some tracks is cool, but it gets a little annoying after a while (and I'm a diehard fan)! The rest of the background music is well done, but it won't strike demand for a soundtrack. The sound effects are good, but they're not as good as one would expect from a sound workhorse like the Xbox. Audio issues aside, DOA3 nails its Xbox debut and firmly establishes itself as the best home console fighting game around.
3	B00005O0I3	This game is a very nice fighing game for the Xbox.  The nice crisp graphics make the characters come to life.  Also the movements of the fighters look very realistic in every way you could think of a real martial artist moves like.  The levels of the game aren't just a background, it is more interactive than you think in most fighting games.  You can punch people out of walls of high buildings or off a cliff into another part of the level.  You can also hit people into walls or other objects to make your blow more effective.  This is the best fighting game there is on Xbox, it's only $20 because it's been over a year and DOA Online is coming out January 2004.  This is the fighting game that can last you a long time.
3	B00005O0I3	The game's graphics are stunningly beautiful. The different fighting styles of the characters are fun to explore. There is a wide range of moves (some quite spectacular) that each character can perform. Still, with all this, the gameplay isn't particularly captivating. Fun to play, yes, but not too deep. Finally, while practice will increase your skill, you can go a long way in this game by simple button mashing.
3	B00005O0I3	When I first turned on my xbox and inserted that DOA3 disc,beat the game with every character in story mode, saw the marvless endings with the ULTRA,ULTRA,ULTRA REAL LIFE TYPEGRAPHICS, along with incredible tag battles and sparring praticemode, I was more than impressed with this game!The proccessing/rendering speed of this game is SO INCREDIBLE. Thesound and music in this game is plain likeable fighting gametype audio(From my opinion), and the controllers and very, VERYcomfertable, so the overall is this is the most advance jawdropping super ultra excellent enviorment rendering, greatnormal fighting audio, and great immmersive fighting type gameplay, this game is my type fighting game! I warn you, virtual fighter 4, tekken 4, like halo compared to half-life,unreal, and the rest of those type games, dead or alive 3 is going to put the pressure on! ps.Look closeley next time if youplay dead or alive 3, it's more than anstonishing!
3	B00005O0I5	I'm back again for NHL Hitz 2002. This is a great game to buy. For those of you that are working on a sports collection of games get this one. I have another thing to tell you before we start the review  I will give you info on a game that is coming to Xbox soon. The Thing. So without further a do let's get dirty. NHL Hitz 2002 gives NHL games a diferent point of view. In this game you can pick from any of the teams including the sucky Columbus Blue Jackets. I don't have much more info on it except i'm getting it 2/2/02. You can choose from 12 or 14 Fantasy Arena and you can created you own players and teams. I only have the demo but i'm getting more info as we speak. We'll have to hold off of The Thing until I get more info. After The Thing I will talk about bug splating in Fusion Frenzy!
3	B00005O0I5	NHL HITZ is a great game.  When Ps2 came out the best sports games came out on launch. This is the same way.  NHL HITZ is the best launch game.  Along with halo it has great graphics, showing you just how powerfull it really is.  I am not a big fan of Hockey, I don't obsess about watching it, but the games have always been the best. Look at n64's wayne gretzky, n64's 98 face off. Really good!  Customize your own teams without even owning a memory card, you dont need one with the large internal memory. Make your own plans, when you get a hat trick your player catches on fire and becomes omnipotent.  Hint: while replaying look closely at the crowd, they will display a code to put in during loading sequences... I have not seen what they all do yet, but they are helpful.. This game has replay value through the roof. Have fun spending hours at a time sucked into the black void in your tv with this really great game.
3	B00005O0I5	If you are an NFL Blitz fan, like me, this is a game you must at least give a chance.  3 on 3 hockey with the rules out the window.  The game moves quickly on a smaller arena, the special moves and hits and effects are outstanding, and the gameplay is very simple.  I am a big EA Sports NHL series fan, but bypassed it and went for this.  I wanted arcade hockey, and got a great program.  No complaints at ALL on this game.
3	B00005O0I5	I've read many &quot;professional&quot; reviews for this game, and none of them do this game justice.  It is very exciting &amp; playing multiplayer with 2 of my friends has already provided hours and hours of entertainment - none of us want to stop, and we've put Dead or Alive 3 and Halo aside in favor of it.  Its greatest strengths are its replay value as well as its 3-player multiplayer aspects.  It is a fantastic &quot;party&quot; game, and is very useful for when friends visit for extended periods of time (when DoA3 would get old within the first few hours).  I highly recommend this game.
3	B00005O0I5	this is a great game, its 3 on 3 like the classic midway game nba jam. the hitz are hard and the graphics are sweet.
3	B00005O0I5	I'm not a big fan of sport games but I've been enjoying this one so far. The action is fast paced and the graphics are great. It takes a while to get use to the controls but you can pick up some skills in the training part of the game which helps you perfect your skills.I'm not sure what other hockey games are planned for Xbox but for a early release this one is worth the price.
3	B00005O0I5	Midway got it right with every sports pseudo-sim they've made since NBA Jam for SNES. And NHL Hitz 20-02 is the epitome of all the best you've come to expect from them, translated into the coolest game on earth: NHL hockey!As with NBA Jam and NFL Blitz, this isn't a game you play for realistic simulation. If that's what you want, get EA Sports' NHL 2002.Hitz is 3-on-3 hockey action and each team has 6 players to choose from, some of which will be scorers, and others which are hard-hitters (the hitters are more likely to get in fights and win them). If a player gets in a fight and loses, he's out for the rest of the game. Although there is a lot of steamrolling and big hits, you still need strategy and teamwork to get the puck in the net.The AI is very good; very seldom will it allow any team to win by a landslide. If one team gets too far ahead of the other, the game will assist the losing team by making their hits a little harder, their shots a little more accurate, etc. This makes the game continually challenging.The crowd is very dynamic and adds environment to the game. The announcers are also good at keeping the spirit of the game alive. Their comments are generally well-timed and seldom get repetitive. There isn't music during the game but between intervals of action you'll hear a lot of cool songs.The hits are every bit as good as the hype. Players will routinely be smashed through the rinkside glass into the stands, especially when you play as the roughest team in the NHL: the San Jose Sharks. The fighting is cool, too. Usually it'll be one or two of your guys getting into all the fights, like with me, it was either Nolan or Marchment throwing down the gloves. But I was surprised when Selanne and Damphousse decided to mix it up and were able to hold their own as well. Fights can win a game for you by knocking out the other team's best players.The graphics are superior to NHL 2002, especially on the Xbox version, which has a few enhancements to make the game look better than its PS2 and GC counterparts.You can also unlock a dozen new rinks to play in, as well as heritage jerseys, different teams, and different heads to put on custom teams' players.You can make custom teams with accessories you buy in the Hockey Shop and play them against any other team, even win the Stanley Cup with.Bottom line: unless you hate hockey or prefer realistic sports games, this game is well worth your money, especially if you get the Xbox version.
3	B00005O0I5	By far the greatest game in the whole world....The best checking, graphics, fights, reality of the players, and even the stats and team colors. This game even has teams that you can buy with your points/$ that you earn when you win a game or answer the trivia questions right.  This is the Greatest Game on Earth!!!
3	B00005O0I5	This game is not at all like a simulation, its way more fun. I rented this game twice and then bought it it was so much fun. I love checking people through the glass and when you check someone in the back you get to fight them with punches/kicks then at the end of the fight you can head butt them or give them a chokeslam! THis is the funnest game i've ever played.
3	B00005O0I5	Is this game hockey?  Wrong its also Dead Or Alive 3 and NFL Blitz roled into one.First of all I just want to say that i dont even like hockey or any of the midway games (except for ready to rumble).  But when i started playing this game i started to think that i underestimated midway.So this game has your basic rolling around on ice and poking at the puck.  But then it has awesome checks, extreme passing, and my favorite feature which is when the players are at it they have this fight with you and then its basically Dead Or ALive 3 until one perosn goes down and they go to the penalty box.  Basically if your looking for some hittin' and already have Dead Or ALive 3 than get NHL Hitz its an awesome game even if you dont like Hockey.
3	B00005O0I5	If you're in the market for a hockey game for your Xbox, you currently have two choices:  Blackbox's NHL Hitz 2002 and EA Sports' NHL 2002.  The names are confusingly similar, but the games couldn't be more different.On the surface, the choice is a simple one.  If you're not a serious hockey fan--but just want a fast, fun game--you'll probably enjoy what Blackbox has on offer.  If you want a detailed simulation of the actual game (International or North American), you'll doubtlessly choose the latest version EA Sports has put out.But if you dig deeper, you'll realize that neither game has everything you want.Graphically, there's really no question which game wins.  NHL Hitz was created specifically for the Xbox, and it shows.  It fully takes advantage of the system, providing all the polygonal joy one could hope for-at least for now.  It also has a much better spectator engine.  The fact that the audience has a grip on what's happening to its home team-cheering, booing, and even leaving the rink, as appropriate-enhances the experience of this game noticeably.  What really boosts this game, though, is its "fantasy" element.  Rinks aren't merely copied from one location to the next with the change of a logo.  There's a whole series of unusual match locations, like the moon, a castle, and even an iced-over pond.  What's more, you don't have to play with human players at all.  Each one of these new locations has a home team of its own, ranging from  snowmen to sharks to aliens.By contrast, NHL 2002 is a mere porting from the PC environment.  It doesn't seem to particularly take advantage of the Xbox's nVidia chip at all.  That's not to say that the graphics aren't great.  They are-for a PC game.  EA just hasn't come up with anything as "Xbox startling" as is found in Hitz.This graphical advantage carries through to the matter of incentive play, as well.  Casual players will probably prefer they way Hitz gets you to keep playing.  Each game you win helps you unlock a new rink, uniform, or species of player-or it adds strength to your custom-made teams.  The problem is, you'll eventually unlock everything or create the "perfect" team.  When that happens (and it's sooner rather than later) there's no longer any incentive to keep playing, other than your own admiration of the game.  NHL 2002 doesn't place the premium on winning, so much as improving your skill.  For each thing you do-be it winning a face off, scoring the first goal, or having a certain number of hits in a period-you win points that you can then apply to buying cards.  These cards will then potentially enhance the abilities of a player for a certain length of time.  Like codes in Hitz, there are a few of these cards which change certain graphical or gameplay elements of a match.  Unlike Hitz, though, these cards get increasingly difficult to obtain as you play on.  By far the most impressive incentive to continuing to play NHL 2002, though, is the same reason you follow real life hockey in the first place:  to see a team bob and weave through an entire season, survive a playoff, and then finally win the Stanley Cup. While there's a "Stanley Cup" feature on Hitz, it's a shadow of the NHL 2002 experience.  It's not so much a playoff as a goal of beating every other team once.How's game play itself?  Like all the other elements of the games, it's a fight between artistic license and faithful reproduction.With Hitz, you get, what you might expect from the title: an aggressive style of play, jazzed up with a bit of superhero graphical magic.  It's fast and fluid action that doesn't always have much to do with real life, but it's so much fun you don't really mind.  Parents should be aware that user-controlled fighting (with the object being to KO your opponent) is a default (though optional) part of every game, and that the game can even award points for successfully beating up opponents.  It's also way easier to score a goal in Hitz than NHL 2002.  Reason:  the game's designed that way.  Much of the secret to scoring is exploiting the one-timer and goalie fatigue.  Once you figure out how to do this, you'll be scoring with an almost boring regularity.  But the biggest single factor contributing to playing style is the fact that  your team is three players plus a goalie.  This, more than any other single factor, makes Hitz an arcade game.NHL 2002, on the other hand, is a real simulation.  Where Hitz limits you to six broad attributes,  every player in NHL 2002 has at least 50 different settings, each controlling detailed functions  You have a full team, divided into changeable lines, which can then be coached using real strategies.  Rules-almost entirely absent from Hitz-can be applied to do everything from simulating an Olympic hockey tournament to an American high school match.  You can fiddle with the rules to get them to create an environment that doesn't exist, but which might.  For instance, if you like the way Olympic hockey is played but want to use your favorite NHL team, you can eliminate fighting, 2-line passes, cut down on icing calls, and expand the rink to international proportions-but otherwise run a normal NHL season.  And while you won't see any of your players or the puck suddenly catch on fire as in Hitz, your players can do more things, like skating backwards, or deking in a particular direction.With all these differences, it's easy to see that your choice of hockey game for Xbox is going to be a difficult one.  Neither is best, really, because neither completely satisfies. Maybe with new versions the choice won't be so hard, but for the moment, I can't recommend anything other than that you get them both.
3	B00005O0I7	The official Xbox Controller is a lot better then most of the off brand ones on the market(Mad Catz, Gamester).  Well button placement, very comfortable.  However I do reccomend Microsofts&trade; latest &quot;Controller S.&quot;  It is the best controller availible for the Xbox Gaming System.  It is a smaller version than the original easier to reach buttons.  Even though the original (or the &quot;Duke&quot; as they call it) is still a good controller.Durability-10
3	B00005O0I7	As compared to the DVD remote this is an add-on that you must get.To me it combines all the best features of all the most recent videogame machines.  Dreamcast, Playstation2 and Nintendo64.I like the size.  There may be too many buttons at first glance, but all are made use of in the games.Pick up an extra one now and pop in Halo.  You will be happy.
3	B00005O0I7	This is a great controller...probably one of the best I've EVER used!  I'm sick of hearing how all those anti-Microsoft whiners complain about how big and heavy the controller is.  Yes, admittedly it is large and heavy, but it feels absolutely perfect in my hands for those long NFL FEVER and HALO gaming sessions!  And yes, the button layout is different at first and the black/white buttons can be difficult to reach when you first start using it, but trust me, after about 2 days of use, you get used to it and then you begin to wonder why all gamepads aren't like this one!  It's almost as if Microsoft took the best of the stock Dreamcast pad and molded it to the hands of real gamers!  You'll find no such uncomfortable edges/angles to cramp your hands and no cheap components to frustrate you!  This pad is heavy and tough!  It will definitely withstand the rigors of normal use and the vibration function is not a cheap buzzer effect, but one that actually enhances games like HALO where you get to fire loads of cool automatic weapons!What else is cool about this pad?  The nine foot cord.  The break-away cables that detach to prevent the console from falling if someone should trip over it.  This has to be the first game pad where they got the analog features down PERFECTLY.  I'm not kidding either...read my review of the Nuon's Logitech controller to see that I am no advocate of analog control.  Every analog control from the two thumbsticks to the triggers are PERFECT...just the right amount of resistance and play to allow for ultra-precise movements and adjustments.  Am I the only one who thought the Dreamcast pad had an analog stick that was too loose?  This is NOT the case with the XBOX controller!  Seems that Microsoft is out to make sure it does everything right!  The XBOX and its initial launch of games show me that the guys in Redmond are serious about giving gamers and developers exactly what we want!
3	B00005O0I7	The controller is NOT big and uneven despite all that has been said about it. I won't lie though, the controller is a bit bigger that the controller for the Playstation 2, but this does not detract from it. The controller is easily accessible for people who have larger hands and thus the controller fits more comfortably in their hands. I find the controller particularly comfortable but I leave this to personal preference. I think that the two analog sticks are placed in convenient spots allowing the user to rest their left thumb on the upper left analog stick and is perfectly comfortable in my opinion, but again I leave that to personal opinion. The buttons come in handy as do the triggers, the controller may seem overwhelming at first but with a little time, it should feel as natural as can be. I wish I could fill you in more, but the buttons do come in handy and all do have a purpose and are not just thrown on there. I can say the controller is great till I turn blue in the face, but this all comes down to, hold the controller once and let it rest in you're hands and go from there. That is the best I can give you.
3	B00005O0I7	Ok, please, people who are planning to buy one of the new systems, ....The Xbox controller: I love this controller, I especially like how the analogs are set up.  I like how the diagonal abxy buttons are set up, instead of in a big diamond.  The major issue, how big it is...THIS CONTROLLER IS NOT TOO BIG! People who say this have looked at it on amazon, the ps2 controller picture is smaller than the xbox picutre.  If you're hands really are too small, you have to be like 4 for this, go get a controller s type or a madcatz (love the colors!)...The point:  Ok, the Xbox controller is nice, although I do like the S type a little better.  It has great looks and nice controlls.  ...P>Xbox controller: 23/25...
3	B00005O0I7	outside of my old atari tennis paddle pads, this is the most comfortable controller i've ever used. The typical complaints  from people are that it's heavy, it's big, and the xbox stinks.You can easily disregard the third typical complaint. Yes the controller is big, but they don't make controllers for 3 year olds. yes it's a tad bit on the heavy size, but if you're having trouble picking the controller up, please pick some weights up because you're frickin lazy. Overall the controller is like everything else for the xbox, people who hate it hate microsoft and never owned the xbox. The rest of us love/like it and do own it.
3	B00005O0I7	Alot of peopel whine bout these contollers cuz they are &quot;too big&quot; well then go buy a playstation ans shuttup cuz i love these controllers, they are very comfortable and work very well.
3	B00005O0I7	I had heard all the hype about the XBox controller and how everyone loved the GameCube controller. So I went into Electronics Boutique and played Halo. I was surprised, I like this controller for the most part. It's is bulky in the middle, but it's alot better for me that the GameCube controller, which I'm pretty sure used the D-pad from the GameBoy Advance. I can't imagine trying to pull off moves in Dead or Alive 3 with that tiny thing. It must be less than an inch square.
3	B00005O0I7	When I went to Walmart the other day, I had the chance to feel the Xbox controller right there in my hands... and it was a lot different from what I had expected it to be.  Although it was very large (much bigger than the Dreamcast controller) the handles really felt pretty good to your hands and I could imagine playing for a very long time without hand fatigue.  The analog sticks are pretty good and I like the Dpad on it, which is similar to the Sidewinder one.  The analog triggers are a lot like Dreamcast, but they gave them a lot more resistance, which was a big plus over the DC controller.  The only beef I have with this controller is the face buttons- the A,B, etc buttons.  They are in a similar layout to the Dreamcast controller, and all are easy to reach, but it would just be hard to press 3 or 4 or them at the same time, the same problem that the Dreamcast had.  Everything is great except for the face buttons, which are a major flaw.  But overall, it's a pretty comfortable controller, the analog sticks are great and the trigger buttons are almost as good as the GC ones.  (...)
3	B00005O0I7	This controller is NOT to big!!! I am sooo sick of hearing that. My friends 10 year-old little brother doesn't even think so. I pray to God that they don't include those awkward S-controllers with the XBOX 2. This controller fits my hands perfectly. That's the problem I have with the PS2 and the Gamecube controllers, they are so small and awkward! I have to bend my hands like I have arthritis. What I hope microsoft does with the next XBOX is give you the option when you buy it to buy the XBOX with the S-controller or the normal one. PLEASEEEEEEEEE don't make EVERY controller small though!
3	B00005O0I7	The design of the controller is the best. The way the buttons works and how many "button options" you can get. You can click the 2 analog sticks to do certain things. JUST the only problem is my left trigger does'nt go out all the way so sometimes on certain games like "Halo" I'll accidently throw a grenade without touching the button. But it can be fixed and its probly just happened on mine you know not probly everyone of them does that.
3	B00005O0I7	This is just right.  Maybe not for a 6 year old, but I am a grown man.  I like my toys to fit my hands!!  This controller is perfect in most games, others are just problems with button combinations, like SSX Tricky.  They WANT you to use literally 6 and 7 button combos, some 3 or 4 at a time.Don't believe the nay-sayer.  The controller is fine.  That was something I was a bit worried about before I bought it and told myself that the controller was big and wouldn't fit my hand like a PS or Nintendo controller would, and it was almost a pyche-out.  The controller is fine.
3	B00005O0I7	Only if you have tiny little hands, then you probably wont like it, but most people can get used to if it they give it a chance. Only thing wrong with it is the XYAB buttons, they are not arranged good (but the controller s they are) cuz if you are going for Y, somethins u will hit the clear/white button
3	B00005O0I7	First of all, I like the S controller but there's something about this controller, I just love the solid feel of it! I highly recommend this controller to everyone!
3	B00005O0I7	I am a 21 year old male with medium/large hands, and I love this controller.  The PS2 controller was tiny.  Nintendo's controllers are traditionally medium-sized or smaller.  Xbox is aimed at an older gaming audience, and their controllers reflect that.  They are very comfortable &amp; you cannot beat in the built-in rumbling.  All of the games I've played (I've only played 4 so far) use the rumbling feature (you dont have to set up anything), and it is very cool &amp; appropriate during gameplay.  The last controller that I appreciated this much was the Super Nintendo controller.  I am very happy with Microsoft's design.
3	B00005O0I7	I would take the XBOX controller over any controller on any console. This is not to say this is the best controller ever, it is the best for adult hands. It is not really good for childrens or womens hands, but that is not the target market.Just take hold of this bad boy and play Halo for 3-4 hours straight, your hands will not hurt and the actions mapped to the buttons are the best in any first person shooter on a console, I don't miss my PCs mouse and keyboard at all.
3	B00005O0I7	i personally prefer the big bulky controller for the big bulky x box system becsuse that is what it is. this is a mature teen- adult gaming system so little kids shouldnt even be able to play this system (violent x box games) at all anywayz. i honestly feel more comfortable having some space for mny fingers instead of being crunched up in the little gamecube controllers. maybe its bevcause i was born to have big hands so i like big controlelrs but w/e
3	B00005O0I7	Personally I like the XBox controller quite a bit.  Prior to getting an XBox I read the concerns regarding the size of the controller and found them to not be true, in my case.  When I first held the controller it did seem large, but fit my hands nicely.Both of the analog sticks are nicely positioned and have a good feel to them.  The left and right analog triggers are great.  They have a long range of motion, enabling you to precisely control input.  With these, the gas pedal of a driving game no longer needs to function like an on/off switch.On the downside, well, is the size.  I can't imagine this controller fitting the hands of a child or even a young adult.  Hopefully aftermarket controllers will be made for those markets.  Also, the black and white buttons on the upper right of the controller are a bit difficult to reach.  Fortunately the games I've come across don't rely on them for critical gameplay.
3	B00005O0I7	dont listen to alleged gaming experts ( i.e. EGM)...this is the most comfortable gaming control possibly ever. dont be put off by its bulky appearance. it's size keeps your hands a comfortable distance apart and in a relaxed position unlike the tiny cramping grip of a playstation or awkward thumb stretch of N64s central analog stick(sorry dont own a &quot;cube&quot; yet)...9 ft of breakaway cord is pretty cool too. also superior to any pc attempts i've ever owned.
3	B00005O0I7	this is a good controller but a big one. I have to get used to it again. but besides that a good one.
3	B00005O0I7	Microsoft has wisely chosen in this Xbox Controller.  They have done their homework and testing thouroughly.  The high price Controller comes with all top shelf features.  High quality workmanship.  Hefty/Solid but comfortable to hold.  Sensitive Rumble feature.  Outstanding location of Left / Right Sticks & Triggers. User friendly 6 button pattern & D-pad.  2 expansion slots for Xbox Memory pack and future peripheral equipment.  Xbox provides us with a 9 1/2 foot long cord with an "In-Line Release" feature which is exclusive to the Xbox.  (NOTE: the In-Line Feature is an Anti-Trip / Console Controller cord quick release plug between the console plug and Controller.)After hours of playing ie "HALO" there was no hand fatigue or finger cramping.  The Controller was easily mastered after a few hours.  The "Rumble" feature was awesome !!Congratulation Microsoft and Thank you for providing us with the Xbox System and the greatest Controllers.  Release the POWER OF Xbox !! Do not buy the cheaper want-a-be controllers..  The Xbox Controller is the only one!!  Enjoy.
3	B00005O0I7	This Controller Stems Deep Within Me To The Very First Days Of Xbox When I Opened That Gift For Christmas. Countless Hours Of Fun We're Brought On By This Control I Can't Thank You Enough!
3	B00005O0I7	The Xbox controller is big, bulky, and it takes getting used to. I have big hands so its pretty comfortable for me, but I would not reccomend this controller for little kids.The controller is a high quality product, and was built with the input of hundreds of gamers.  The button placement is adequate, but people with smaller hands will find themselves stretching to reach some of the buttons.This is the default controller that comes with the Xbox system, and is not by any means a bad controller.  But..I would reccomend the XBox controller S, which is great for smaller hands AND big hands. It's also made by Microsoft so you can expect a quality product.
3	B00005O0I7	although pricy, this controller is incredibly comfortable. this controller is definitely blister free. it is a little confusing with all the buttons and controls at first, but u get used to it very fast.
3	B00005O0I7	I was at a local EB and they had an Xbox kiosk with Fusion Frenzy so I played. At first I thought the controller was too big, but after about 5 minutes I forgot about it. It was very comfortable, and my hands aren't that big. the white and black buttons take a little more effort to reach, but it was never a real problem. The triggers are awesome! They have 8 levels of sensitivity, which is sweet for racing games. If the size really concerns you then wait till the Japanese controller is released in the US and buy it.
3	B00005O0I7	Everyone seems to complain about these controllers being difficult to use, I can see that being true if a person is younger than 18. I am 21, and my hands perfectly fit it. Oddly enough, because it only fits in the hands of older people, it is very durable and heavy! So it cannot bend or break easily. As for the controller itself, it has six buttons, red, blue, yellow, green, black and white, along with two very unique triggers! Rather than an L + R button at the top of the controller which wear out easy, these triggers are spring loaded so they should last very long! There are two ports for additional memory cards, but with the X-Box having a huge memory you should never need a memory card. There are two analog sticks at the top let and bottom right of the controller for shooting games. It also has a normal directional pad at the bottom left for very accurate control. It comes with a rumble function and it works by a USB port, and for those of you that are not computer nerds, that means that plug it into the X-Box and its self powered, so you do not need batteries for the rumble function.
3	B00005O0I7	I was a little skeptical at first, and I wasn't sure I would like the Xbox controller. After a few days of getting used to it, I loved the feel of it. The buttons and joysticks are well placed so that it feels natural to use. Controllers are supposed to be designed for comfort and ease of use, and the people at Microsoft did a great job. For all of the games I have played, the controllers buttons/joysticks/triggers have been well utilised and the controls do not feel awkward. For anyone who likes to play with their friends,  I would reccomend also getting a second controller, I didn't think I would use mine that much at first, but now i use it a ton.
3	B00005O0I7	Most people hate this controller because it's so big. I like it because I have pretty big hands but still. I like the amount of controls on this controller because it gives you lots of control over games. I also like this controller because I can reach all the buttons. If you have small hands then get the Controller S.
3	B00005O0I7	The Xbox controller is very big, but surpirsingly comfertable!  I had no problem holding this thing and useing it to play games like Dead or Alive 3 and Halo (I'm 16 by the way)!  I don't know why people are complaining that this thing is the worste thing to happen to a game controller, but I think most people have already forgotten about the Nintendo 64 controller!  The reason I took away a star is because I can't really see kids playing games with this thing, and not having a problem!  Other then that, this is a solid controller!
3	B00005O0I7	yeah.  This is a big controller.  But somehow, it works.  I to was skeptical when I felt it in my hands for the first time at Toys B Us, but when I finally got my own Xbox (after the mark down, of course) it felt great.  the only prob with it is, as it's been said, the button placement.  Start and Back are to awkward to be used in any fast paced games.  The only color button that's weird is Y, specially in SSX, and the two tints are buttons you have to think about to use.  But this is still an all around good controller.  Getting me a second one, so I can try out Halo's multi player levels.
3	B00005O0I7	1.First of all I must let you know that the X in the middle glows when xbox system is on.2.The xbox controller has 3 directional button which is great.3.It also has 4 hit button and the white and black button is for camera angles only.4.Also includes the select and start button.5.All of the button are pressure sensative.6.Also it has a built in Rumble Pack.7.There are two slots at the top of the controller for extras such a memory cards and mics.8.Shape like a dreamcast controller only a little bigger for long game play.9.The controller wire 9.5 feet long so you can set way back and play.10. Use the USB ports for fast responsesXBOX CONTROLLER IS THE BEST CONTROLLER OUT THERE!!!
3	B00005O0I7	i don't know what people may have said about the vibration of this controller, but it is by far superior to the nintendo rumble pack, the only other that i've had experience with.i've played a couple games and it's surprising the subtlety and finesse with which the vibrations can be programmed. i haven't read any specs, but i'm convinced there is more than just one buzzer inside.for example, in 'cel damage' you might have a freeze ray, and when you shoot it, the contoller gives a finely grained buzz. but if you get a chainsaw, you get a much harsher rattle. when driving in 'project gotham' you swear you can feel the direction that the train tracks are moving under your wheels.all in all, it's a great dimension to game play, done well.
3	B00005O0I7	Excellent shipping turnaround and condition of item.  I had to have this solely to complete my original xbox line-up.  However, this controller sucks and is complete crap.  The S Controller is magnificent, responsive and layed out very well.  So, if you need to replace your original Xbox controller, this isn't the one you want.
3	B00005O0I7	At first glance, the Xbox controller may look to most like it's to big, the buttons are all weird.  Basicly, it's HUGE.  And yet, as large as it is compared to PS2 and Gamecube, it may turn out to be the best.  Here's why:1. It's comfortable, solid, and just feels good in your hand.  Those of you coming from a PlayStation to an Xbox, it's a bit of a change at first.  Within a few hours of gameplay, though, it begins to grow on you.  It's solid, spreads out your fingers.  Sick and tired of having to quit after an hour's gameplay because of finger cramps?  Not a problem on Xbox controller.  It spreads out your fingers, making specific buttons easier to find (without pushing the wrong one).  You could play for 6 hours straight, and though your eyes might be tired, your hands will feel great.  The controller feels great in your hands, and with a slight adjust; you might actually prefer it to other controllers.2.  It's solid and reliable.  Mine has been dropped dozens of times, been thrown to the floor, spilt on, and played for hundreds of hours.  Still works like it's brand new.  I don't know if Sony and Nintendo thing we're made of money, but I would rather by games yearly then replace controllers.  Wouldn't you?3.  It grows on you.  After getting my Xbox, and using the Xbox controllers, I felt almost uncomfertable holding the PS2 controller.  I couldn't find the bottons, just couldn't get used to four triggers.  As scary as it may seem now (take a deep breath), Xbox controller will win you over.  You'll prefer it over others.  You'll play for hours at a time without any discomfort.  Quite frankly, you'll learn to love it.Finally, it belongs to a great system.  Counsidering getting an Xbox, yet afraid to buy one because of what friends have said.  &quot;It's huge&quot;, &quot;Too big&quot;, &quot;Piece of junk!&quot;.  Don't listen.  Their just ignorant.  So remember when you play a demo with this wondeful controller at the store.  It won't feel right at first.  But play it for longer than 5 minutes, and you'll get used to it.  A few days, prefer it.  A few months, love it.  A few years, charish it.  Don't miss out, and get the better controller.  And besides, their's always the Controller S for those who just don't like it.
3	B00005O0I7	Hundred percent truth... I have no idea what all the negative talk was regarding the Xbox controller.Plain and simple...I love this controller. Everything is in its proper place. It makes u feel like you are playing a game, not crunching your hands together to move to grab various parts of a tiny controller. Instead, its made so that everything is at your finger tips (literally!) once you hold the controller.And then, the ingenuity of the placement of the 2 joysticks. Simply perfect! You will know what I mean when you hold the controller.The buttons, pads and joysticks are not just symmetrically placed like the playstation controllers. Things are set so that u dont have to really wiggle and jiggle your fingers trying to hit a button or move the joystick.I read a lot of negative comments about the controllers before purchasing the Xbox and I was scared (to the point that I wasnt sure if i would purchase the Xbox). I tried it in Circuit City and it turned out to be a nice controller when I used it. Then when I brought it home and used it some more, I fell in love with the controller and everything made sense as to the placement and size of the controller.People even said "make sure to buy Controller S!!!" I bought it too (out of fear) and it is nice too, but both of them rock. Basically Controller S is slightly smaller and spreads the buttons a bit. but it has the same style of the regular controller. When u use both you will feel no major difference (and that's a good thing) To me they are both simply great controllers.Lastly, everyone is talking about this big hands issue, my skinny baby brother (7 years old) simply loves the handle and uses it all the time with no complaints! As a matter of fact he actually prefers the bigger controller and I use controller S :))) no joke.
3	B00005O0I7	Upon first glimpse, I must say I had my doubts.  It just doesn't look very comfortable, but I was wrong!  It's extremely easy on the hands.  No hand/finger fatigue!  A friend and I played Halo (which is extremely addictive BTW) one night for six hours straight (which is absolutely pathetic, but we had a blast!)and there was NO discomfort whatsoever.  I don't have overly large hands, and I'm able to relly cook on this controller.  I could understand children/people with small hands possibly having a tough time with it, but the XBOX is geared more toward adults and I couldn't ask for a better controller!...
3	B00005O0I7	At first all of the buttons was a little confusing. The rumble is great---and it is very good quality. I have larger hands---(14 yrs) and Playstation controllers were too tiny, too low quality, etc. It felt like a little piece of cheap plastic. This controller is high quality, even though it takes a little getting used to, it is still good.
3	B00005O0I7	If you went to EB this weekend, you had a chance to hold the New XBox controller. When I held it, I felt it was too big, but  it had a very smooth and comfortable felling to it, which is a very big positive. If you have hands like a kid, you are ALMOST gaurenteed not to like it, just based upon its size, but for everyone else, it should be considered one of the best controllers out there.
3	B00005O0I7	Sure this guy is big, but the level of control is fantastic.  When playing games like Halo and DOA3 you wont find yourself wishing for a DUALSHOCK2.  The analog sticks are precise and the triggers are the best I have ever seen.  Only complaint is that the D-pad is slightly stiff.  Not a big deal, but worth noting.Traditionally I like to stay with first party controllers and the Xbox has done nothing to change my mind about that.  This is just an all around great controller that is very comfortable, even after hours of playing.  It has surpassed the DUALSHOCK2 as my favorite game controller.
3	B00005O0I7	This controller is perfect the bottons are spaced and that is important for fighting games and other games that need to have an accurate button punching.The weight is perfect, and the size of the controller is kind of big but that leaves more space for the buttons!It is very easy to learn and remeber the buttons and the analog stick is pretty good as well.Sometimes the buttons don't respond but that is pretty rare because that barly happens to me.So you people who say this controller sucks think again!!
3	B00005O0I7	This may not be the controller for kids, but this is certainly the best ever controller made for an adult.  You will love the feel and the force feedback.  This is also very ergonomic.  So far all the third party controllers don't deliver what this does as well.  Stick with this controller if your looking for more controllers too.
3	B00005O0I7	With PC controllers, you have genuine choice.  Some have four buttons, some six, some even more.  Some have buttons laid out in one way, some in another.  There's a huge variety of button allignments on PC controllers precisely because the software allows the flexibility.  But, as yet, Xbox games assume a certain similarity of controls--which manufacturers have happily provided.  Thus, the controllers look almost exactly alike.  A few controllers offer a little bit of programmability, and there might be a little difference as to casing color, but there's no significant difference across manufacturers.  The &quot;choice&quot; in controllers is thus not so much about design as construction.And, inasmuch as these things can be tested outside of a lab, I've tried Microsoft and third-party controllers, and I'm satisfied that Microsoft, perhaps naturally, has a slight, but detectable, edge over its competitors.The vibration effect is better, for starters.  While racing PROJECT GOTHAM, for instance, Microsoft controllers do a better job of rendering more subtle distinction between surfaces.  You can tell when you're moving over gravel as opposed to brick.  And in HALO, there's a clear difference between weapons.While I can't speak to the durability of the buttons over a lifetime of gaming abuse,  thumbstick sensitivity seems more accurate on a Microsoft controller.  In HALO, PROJECT GOTHAM and NHL Hitz 2002, there's a better sense of  &quot;glide&quot; with the Microsoft thumbsticks than with others.  Pelican's controllers, for example, are positively buggy when it comes to the thumbsticks.  They require an elaborate movement during startup just to get them to work approximately right--and even then, they don't provide a full range of motion.  I know in HALO they positively freeze up.To be sure, vibration effect isn't necessarily worth the extra expense of a Microsoft controller, but thumbstick sensitivity is worth the Washingtons.  It's not fun getting hammered in HALO just because you can't turn around properly.  Since nobody yet has found a way to bring anything new to the Xbox table, you might as well dance with the devil that brought you.
3	B00005O0I7	The controller is well crafted and designed. It is easy to hold for larger hands, as well a feeling strong and sturdy. I know that my kid and I put our controllers under a lot of stress, but this controller seems to handle all the punishment we can dish out.
3	B00005O0I7	This controller is probably the best video game controller I have ever used. I don't understand why people say it's big, bulky, or heavy. It's definately not heavy, unless lifting an eighth pound weight is heavy to you. It fits your hands nicely too. Playing first person view games on it are almost as good as using a mouse. You can'r get much better than that.
3	B00005O0I7	I really like this controller! Unless you are a pre-teen or have unusually small hands, this controller is comfortable and ergonomically designed. I like the slightly different button arrangement than the S-Controller (or PS2) diamond layout. The problem with this controller is that (1) there are too many gamers that are used to the PS2 controller, (2) there are plenty of children that play video game consoles, and (3) third party Xbox controllers (such as Mad Catz) and the new S-Controller use the diamond button configuration. The button configurations are different enough that you can get messed up switching between the two.I think more and more people will migrate to the S-Controller or other third party controllers, and that this controller style will slowly fade out. Unless you have tried these and really like them better than the others (and this happens to be the case for me), you should consider the S-Controller.
3	B00005O0I7	As long as your hands are big enough for the controller (which most of my friends and my hands are), the original controller is actually better than the new S controller.  About the only good thing that thet S controller has is rearranged A, B, X and Y buttons, but the other repositioning is very, very bad.  The Start and Back buttons, and the black and white buttons are right underneath your hands when you are gripping the controller, very awkward to have to bring your thumb back that far when you are trying to play a game.
3	B00005O0I8	The Xbox Memory Unit is a simple, useful, and if you ever plan on transferring data from one Xbox to another essential item. Plugged into one of the two available slots on an Xbox controller, the Memory Unit allows you to transfer saved files from one Xbox to another. There are limitations- ability to transfer music is nonexistent in my experience, and while it could transfer Xbox Live profiles that doesn't mean much anymore, does it?When you go to your Xbox's dashboard with its green simplicity that one can miss so much in the complicated days of the 360, one listed feature allows you to access memory of games you have played. Sometimes game settings, characters, profiles and such are listed separately, sometimes not. It varies from one game to another. But whatever is available, you can save that onto the memory card and add it to the memory of another Xbox.I've found the Xbox Memory Unit to be useful, and it actually looks pretty good in my book. There are two categories of accessories and games when it comes to an aging, last-generation console like the Xbox. One is the rare and expensive; the other is the frequently available and cheap. The Xbox Memory Unit, thankfully, falls into the second category, averaging $6-9 excluding shipping last I checked. It isn't the newest, most happening thing out there in the video game world anymore. But it is inexpensive and good at what it does. I recommend it.
3	B00005O0I8	The official XBOX Memory Unit isn't really a must-have item if you don't plan on trading games or playing games with other people.  The internal hard drive is pretty sufficient for saving your games and settings, but I would recommend getting a memory unit so that you can keep saved games "backed up" or if you want to prove to your friends that you did indeed beat that game or unlock that special car.As a rule, I only buy memory cards from the console's manufacturer (ie: MICROSOFT).  Doing this, you get 100% compatibility and generally better data intergrity and reliability than some 3rd party cards.This thing is TINY!  You won't even notice it in your controller.  Saving, transferring files is easy...usually you just designate in the game that you want to save to the card, or you can copy and transfer directly from the XBOX dashboard when you boot up the XBOX without a game.  8MB, while tiny compared to the capacious hard drive, is still a pretty sizeable amount of storage space and mine has been 100% reliable; no corrupt or lost data whatsoever!My recommendation: get the memory card.  Even though you may not immediately need it, it's still a good idea to have it in your controller!
3	B00005O0I8	Since the Xbox unit has a built-in hard drive for saving games (and music, if you like), one may assume that one will never require a memory card (an essntial for the PS2 and Gamecube). But if one packs too much info onto the hard drive, then load times on most games increases (which I have discovered, to my regret), and games which use the hard drive to pre-load levels (such as Halo) take even longer. The solution? Use a memory card to save games, and thus save wear and tear on your hard drive. Sure, the drive is durable, but I'd rather use a $30 card than risk damage or wear on a critical Xbox component. The card does have a few drawbacks, though. For one, it will not transfer music files (it wouldn't hold many, anyway), and it will only allow the transfer of character profiles and not saved games (which I discovered when trying it with a friend's Halo saves). I've also found it to be useful when downloading the pitifully few codes/cheats available for the Xbox system (though try not to put saves and codes on the same card; corruption of the saved games is always a danger when doing this). But the benefits of this unit seem to outweigh its drawbacks, and so I recommend it. I do not, however, recommend any of the off-brand cards available for the Xbox. My experiences as both a consumer and a retailer have taught me that the Xbox brand card is by far the best.
3	B00005O0I8	I don't know anyone who has an X-Box, I don't store anything on it, I don't customize plays or anything, so why exactly did I buy it?  Well, I guess I can still use it some day.  I have the capability, but not the need.  There are better things I could have spent my cash on for my X-Box, but I chose this as an option.  Added capability is always a good thing, though.  Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
3	B00005O0I8	Ok, technically you don't need a memory unit, thanks to the XBox's hard drive, but there is one reason why having one is a very good idea: backup.  If you XBox hard drive decides to call it quits, all of your saved games will likely go with it.  If you're into long games such as Morrowind, that is a large time investment down the drain.  Spend the cash and keep 2 copies of your most important saves.
3	B00005O0I8	You need the Xbox memory unit only if you intend to take your saved games to another Xbox (e.g., at your friend's house).  The Xbox already has an internal hard drive which allows you to save games (among other things).  The memory unit plugs into one of the two ports on your Xbox controller.  Its light weight means you probably won't feel it in your hands.The memory unit is fast.  While I have not tested it rigorously (just sold my PS2 :), I think it loads and saves faster than PS2 -- of course, it could be also that the Xbox is more efficient and/or uses less data.  Anyway, I do think the price is a bit too high.....You can pick up one of a few third-party memory units.  I have not tested them so can't offer advice on whether they work well.  I only know that third-party PS2 memory cards usually [stink].Bottom line: if you intend to play your beloved games on other people's Xboxes a lot, this is a must-have.  Otherwise, skip.
3	B00005O0I8	I bought it to transfer the save games to another Xbox.The game in question is Knights of the Old Republic, which is a very good game if you have a lot of spare time.The memory module holds around 500 units, which is plenty for most games.  KOTOR's save games are 1600 units!  Which it seems to translate to 24M!!!So, keep an eye on the memory usage on your Xbox to make sure the game you want to 'move' or 'save' will fit!
3	B00005O0I8	Well now days has no use, unless you want to exploit your old XBOX console with an older copy of Mech assault a fake save game and load your costume firmware to play the naked version of DOA Extreme Beach Volleyball, real quick here, always get the originals!!!; I hate pelican products they do not last!! if getting something like this is needed, get the ones licensed by Microsoft. PERIOD!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005O0I8	Its a memory card, not a game Amazon...But, yes as a memory card, you save stuff and take it with you (or transfer it). And it works. GJ makers.
3	B00005O0I8	The Xbox memory unit showcases just how well-designed the system is as a whole.  While other memory units fit into the console, allowing you to save, store, and transport your game information, the Xbox memory unit has the added bonus of fitting into your controller, allowing you to cart over up to 2 units when you bring your controller to a buddy's house.  I recommend one for every Xbox owner.
3	B00005O0I8	Don't buy this memory card until you need it.  Mine works well, but it only has one use: it transfers files from X-box to X-box.The X-box has a huge hard drive, and since the hard drive is what you use to save your games, you can play for years without a memory card.After fully testing the memory card, here are the restrictions:-You can't directly transfer files from X-box to X-box, even with the system link cable, so the only way to transfer files is with the memory card.-You can't transfer music files on the memory card.  It would hold about two files, but the X-box won't let you.  You can only transfer game saves.-You can only transfer character profiles, so you can't transfer the progress on a game like Dead or Alive that doesn't have character profiles.-You have to transfer character profiles one at a time.Probably the best use for this memory card is if your friend has an X-box, and has unlocked a bunch of special features on a game, you can save the profile off your friend's X-box to your memory card and then transfer it to your X-box.
3	B00005O0I8	It functions as it's supposed to.
3	B00005O0I8	i baught my xbox in 2007 i already feel it breaking down im buying one incase it breaks. i also had annoying cousins who get in there and delete files also didn't you ever have a curupted file for whatever reason my grandtheft auto vice city is nearly 100 percent complete i think a gamesave like that diserves to be backed up buy it now while they last now there cheap and going out of market i want to buy another xbox after it breaks i also want to back up tony hawks i got all games 100 percent complete i also have most of marvel vs capcom complete and some of the guy game complete my games need to be backed up incase anything happens
3	B00005O0I8	8 Megs might not seem like a lot, but i was able to fit all my Grand Theft Auto 3+ Vice City , Thief, Max Payne, Medal of Honour, Ghost Recon,Fifa 2004 and Euro 2004 games no prob. The reason i did this was that my x box laser for some reason stopped picking up the games on time, resulting in many games cutting off and a &quot;disc is dirty or damaged&quot; message. I couldnt bear playing GTA.VC for weeks to get where i was so i bought the card, booted my saved games then traded my x box in. When I got the new box, the games transferred without fail, i was very satisfied. So if any of you all are experiencing problems like above and your x box is still under warranty, you might want to try that.
3	B00005O0I8	I need a memory unit for my Xbox because just in case my Xbox system went out and it did sort-of but luckily I have another Xbox system that is in perfect condition and without this memory unit I would be doomed of playing Star Wars Battlefront 2 all over again and I had rankings going towards legendary!
3	B00005O0I8	This item is great if you have friends that have XBOX's and the same games you have. If you have an XBOX but nobody else you know does then don't get this. I don't know why people buy this if they don't have anyone else to play with. And if you somehow happen to run out of space on the hardrive this is your solution.
3	B00005O0I8	The wonder of the X-Box internal HD is that you don't really need a memory card... that is until you want to play Halo over at a friend's house and he doesn't have the game.  Kind of a pain in the neck to haul around your X-Box for a save game file.
3	B00005O0I9	this is great you have to have it for playing dvd`s it isn`t an optional thing! i know on the ps2 it is optional if you want to play dvd`s but with the xbox microsoft made it so you have to have the remote or you can`t play dvd`s. all you have to do is put the infared reciver into a controller port and put bateries and you are ready to play dvd`s. i am not sure but you might need it to play audio cd`s but that is doughtful.
3	B00005O0I9	The Xbox DVD Movie Playback Kit is very easy to set up and use. All you have to do is plug the little receiver into one of the controller ports, put in a DVD and enjoy. The buttons on the remote are responsive and easy to get used to. However, the Xbox DVD system is very simple. It doesn't have any eject buttons (something mentioned many times by other reviewers) and not as many options as more expensive stand-alone DVD players. You have to keep in mind that it was made for people who already have an Xbox and don't want to shell out an extra $50 for a DVD player that has a lot of special features when all they want is to be able to watch a movie. The DVD itself runs exactly as it would on a good stand-alone DVD player. It's sort of like one of those little $100 digital cameras. There isn't anything really special about them. They just take good pictures that you can put on your computer.
3	B00005O0I9	This was out of the box and on the X box very quickly! It works just fine and my son was watching brand new movies within minutes. It came fast, and was brand new in the sealed plastic.
3	B00005O0I9	Well, for starters this ain't a game. It's a game console accessory. So the rating setup for this product is rather inaccurate.But anyway.There is not a whole lot to be said about this item. It's the Xbox DVD player kit, and to play movies on the original Xbox, you need this device. It contains a receiver, to, you know, receive signals, and a remote to send them. The Xbox shows its age with this setup- can you imagine the PS3, Xbox 360, or Wii demanding you buy a separate kit to watch movies and get away with it? You know, without angry calls, letters, and possibly egged offices? Somehow, back in the LPA- I mean, in the day, Microsoft did. But they were right to change their ways and just have the Xbox 360 be able to play DVD's straight off. Much better idea.Still, the DVD kit is something any Xbox owner should have. It is an example of the Xbox's age, telling an interesting tale of how Microsoft's presence in the vidya game console market began, and the odd and interesting things they did and considered doing at the time. If you have an Xbox, as an owner of one with a custom green-and-black flames decal kit that still holds on great after all these years, I salute you. Take care of your old Xbox- and if you want to watch movies on it, buy this kit.
3	B00005O0I9	The quality of the DVD playback from XBox is impressive and this kit gives you that capability for a few dollars more.  You can't go wrong buying it.
3	B00005O0I9	I like it.  It allows me to watch DVD's on XBOX.  The only subtraction is, why couldn't BGates just put the device on it to begin with..... anyway, it works, and is very nice- but it really should have been included in the purchase of the X Box.This is a built in method of extracting 30 more dollars from your wallet if you decide that you want to watch DVD's on your X Box.Of course, 30 dollars is cheap for a DVD player.
3	B00005O0I9	Well my DVD/VCR combo gave up the ghost. It was almost 10 years old anyways. Also my upstairs DVD player went dead on me about the same time. I had bought it used many moons ago when DVD players where still going for $150. I dont really play video games now that im 37. Then it hit me, my old Xbox works as a DVD player and surprisingly i still remembered you needed this. Their was a reason this remote was needed. Microsoft was trying to recoup some money on offering DVD playback in its console. For fear off people not wanting to buy the Xbox because it lacked this feature they came up with this scheme. At the time DVD players where still going for about $125 for a cheap one. The kit at the time was $30, so Microsoft made about a $23 profit on this. Of course it was either that or buying a DVD player for $125. Anyways thankfully you can get this now for under $10. As i dont watch many movies as well it will do a job. Also i do have another Dvd player as well as my main unit.
3	B00005O0I9	This is almost absolutely essential, unless you hate DVDs or movies and don't want to watch any on your Xbox video game system. You cant watch DVDs without this. Even if you could watch DVDs without buying this, you would probably want the remote anyway, right? The Xbox is also a top notch DVD player. I also own a PS2, and while its not a bad game system, it doesent have a very good DVD player. Xbox does. The remote is also designed very well and the easiest DVD player remote to use, ever. Its also has a attractive design. Get this. Its almost absolutely essential... Unless you hate movies and DVDs of course. If you do, then dont buy this. If you like DVDs and want a top notch DVD player, then buy this today.
3	B00005O0I9	When I got my first Xbox back in 02 or 03 I had to get the DVD remote with it as why have 10 things hooked to your TV when all you have to do is get the remote and you can play DVDs on your old Xbox. Now though I have a 360 and the old Xbox isn't even used but if all you have is the original Xbox then this is a great add to the system.
3	B00005O0I9	The idea of buying something extra for my 300 xbox was annoying after just purchasing it but now i believe it was well worth it. I love how you can put it on slow mo and the control is stylish its great and i have had no problems with it over the 3 years ive had it. GREAT!
3	B00005O0I9	While I don't see the &quot;need&quot; for this to play DVD movies other than to line Microsofts pockets, it's a nice package with a nice remote, and unlike the problems everyone had with Sony PS2 remotes - this one works. Athough I'll be throwing it in a drawer once my universal is programmed for this. I can't say I'm surprised though to have to pay extra for this built-in, albeit latent feature from Microsoft.
3	B00005O0I9	I am one of those gamers who does not own a seperate DVD player and doesn't feel like spending extra cash in getting a standalone player when I can spend it on games...you can't go wrong. You get a well designed remote and full compatiablity with your DVD movies at high quality. It may not support Progressive Scan (rumored to be a paid for update with Xbox Live) and the remote doesn't control your cable box, but that isn't a detriment.Like I said... I use the Xbox primarily for games but if I need to sit back and watch a flick, it does the job fine with no issues.
3	B00005O0I9	No complaints here.  The DVD playback kit works just as well as, or even better than, any other DVD player out there.  And it's certainly more affordable, if you already have the Xbox.  It takes up virtually no space (you don't need another whole shelf for it), the pictures are crystal clear, and the remote is very simple and straightforward.  No background in rocket science is required.There is no eject button on the remote?  So what?  If you're ejecting a disc, you're getting up anyway, aren't you?  If not, the eject button on the console is big enough, any decent shot could hit it with a rubber band from wherever they sit.
3	B00005O0I9	One of the better features offered on the Xbox system is its ability to play DVDs as well as games, an attribute shared by the Playstation 2 (but not the Gamecube). This handy little kit makes DVD playback a snap. All one has to do is pop the sensor unit in to one of the controller ports (Port One seems to work best) and fire up the remote. The remote's design is user-friendly, with big buttons and an ergonomic design that fits nicely into one's hand. Among the features offered on the Xbox (accessed by pressing the display button) are 10X magnification, subtitles, and audio selection.But the remote has a downside, as well. Its range is a little limited (go too far to the left or right of the sensor and functionality becomes a little spotty), and it lacks a power or eject button. Plus, it requires you use the display button to access too many functions--this can be a bit of a hassle, as many other DVD players offer remotes with these functions already available through a single button. It also plays Region One DVDs only, so DVDs from Europe (or other regions) won't play. Then there's the matter of the additional wear and tear DVD playback has on the Xbox unit itself. If you play a lot of games and watch a lot of DVDs, you may end up shortening the life of your Xbox system. With DVD players going for as little as forty to fifty dollars these days, it may be wiser to just buy a separate DVD player. But if you want to utilize the DVD functions of the Xbox system, then this little package will serve the purpose well.
3	B00005O0I9	Sure it would be nice to be able to play DVD with a controller, but the remote is really the best option to go with. Attach the eye to a controller port, mine sits on 3, and you have a remote control DVD player for your X-Box. The menus are different than my Sony DVD player, but I am so satisfied with the DVD playback, that if I did not own a DVD player and had only an X-Box, I could not justify the cost of a DVD player. X-Box gives you Dolby Digital sound, DTS, ability to change angles and audio on the fly, all the features any decent DVD player has, and I have found myself with no preference as to which unit I use, my DVD player or my X-Box.
3	B00005O0I9	I just got this dvd playback kit for xbox for Christmas, and it is awesome how you can turn your xbox video game console into a dvd player in just seconds. You just plug the infared sensor into one of the controller ports, and your ready to go, just pop in the dvd of your choice and use the controller they provide to navigate. I recommend this to anyone who has an xbox and doesn't want to spend the [money] for a dvd player.
3	B00005O0I9	When you need all 4 controller slots for multiplayer, be sure to remember where you left the lettile reviever, because it is easily lost.  I have not used an actual dvd plaer, but im sure you can do everything with this which you can with an actualy player.  Too bad you cannot turn on the xbox with the remote, but america is fat as it is, so some 5-second exercize wont kill you.  The picture quality is WAY better than a vhs, so if you have an xbox, you should REALLY get this, unlesss you allready have a dvd player.
3	B00005O0I9	When I plugged the infrared receiver plug into the controller port on my XBOX, I thought, "well shoot, any old remote should be able to work with that!"  So I called microsoft's terrific tech support and the guy told me under the table that if you enter in the code into your universal remote as you would for an RCA DVD player then it should operate the XBOX just fine.  I did and it works like a charm.  Every button on the remote for my new Sony works exactly like it should.  Now I have one remote for TV, Xbox, everything.  I love that!!
3	B00005O0I9	Initially I was a little bummed that the Xbox didn't come ready to play DVD "out of the box".  So when I was able to pick one of these up for $20 I decided to give it a shot.  I was not disappointed.The DVD playback is nice and the remote, although it looks small, is very powerful and is laid out flawlessly.All in all, I'm very impressed.
3	B00005O0I9	It's simple: If you have an Xbox, you might as well get the DVD playback kit.PROS:1. The Xbox is cooler than my JVC DVD players.2. The Xbox takes up less room than my JVC AND Xbox together.3. The kit works with my RCA controller, so I'm happy.4. Really clean picture5. The xbox is semi-portable, so you can watch dvd's at friends' houses.CONS:1. This whole thing is a feature that should really have been included with the Xbox.2. No eject or power buttons (which drives me freaking nuts).Bottom line: Buy it for Pete's sake! There's even a mail in rebate from time to time that makes the thing free (if you buy an xbox between certain dates).Oh, yeah... you might just want to use the plug in part and program your TV's universal remote, using RCA's codes.
3	B00005O0I9	I've enjoyed my XBOX DVD player.  It is relatively easy to use, and functional.  I have found it more convenient than my original DVD Player.However, there are two down sides.1) The round button at the top that looks like a power button: It isn't.  I find myself pressing it at the end of almost every movie, but it is a display button to bring up machine settings like Sound and Segment Repeat.2)There is no volume control, so you have to wrestle with an extra remote.  I don't mind, because I already pipe mine through an external stereo system, but if you like to be able to use only one remote, this isn't the DVD Player for you.
3	B00005O0I9	THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR X BOX!! IT DOESN'T COST MUCH AND THE DVD'S HAVE THE BEST PICTURE ON IT... AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO GO OUT AND SPEND ALL THAT MONEY ON A DVD PLAYER JUST BUY THE REMOTE FOR X BOX AND YOU HAVE YOUR OWN ALREADY!!100% AWESOME
3	B00005O0I9	When I bought my Xbox I did not know it is actually an excellent DVD player capable of progressive scan.  When I had a Playstation 2 I thought the DVD playback there was a sore joke; Sony had cut too many corners in playback quality and playing DVDs with the PS2 controller was an exercise in patience.  I received the Xbox DVD controller as a gift...The remote itself is light-weight and very easy to use.  I wish there were an eject button, but even my mom, who never touched any remote controls, can use this one without any problems.  (She really likes the green buttons.)  After two weeks I gave my DVD playback kit to my college-age cousin and bought another one for myself.  Excellent product.  Well worth the money.
3	B00005O0I9	Well no need to say a long story about this, just that, the quality is good, you need it for playing the DVD function on your console unless is mod, try to get the original, NOTE that DVD region in embedded in your console NOT IN the REMOTE or the infrared receptor!!!!!, for some reason I do not get it to work when sitting in front of LCD TVs WEIRD?!!
3	B00005O0I9	How this works is there is a little adapter, which plugs into any of the controller ports like an X-Box controller, then put two AAA batteries into the remote. Beware, because remember the X-Box is more like a computer and less like a DVD player. Why do you need to know that? DVD players can play any DVD, but computers only play DVDs with the country code of "1." 1 is the country code for the DVD, which means that it was made for North American DVD players. So look at the back of your DVD cases down near the bottom where it says Dolby Digital look for a giant "1." That means the X-Box can play it. Pretty much all DVDs come with the "1," but some popular DVDs like Gladiator and the Simpson's Boxed set do not have the "1."
3	B00005O0I9	I was very disappointed when I found out that my Xbox did not play DVD's fresh out of the box.  The growing trend of selling a system in pieces rather than shipping a complete system is one that I'm not very fond of.  As much as these game systems cost, they should have everything you need right in the box.While I loathed doing so, I eventually bought the DVD playback kit because I was going on a trip and wanted to be able to play movies and games during my down time.  As it turns out, I like the Xbox so much as a DVD player that I now use it as my primary DVD player.  My previous DVD player was an older model JVC and I've had tons of problems with it.  It won't play some DVD's and I've had to take it to be repaired three times, twice in the first year I owned it.I think the compaints in Amazons review are valid.  The lack of an eject button or power button on the remote makes it less convenient, but I have to get up to change DVD's anyway so I don't find that much of a bother.  I find the in-movie menu easy to use and an improvement over my JVC which basically makes me do the same thign when I want to change subtitles or lanuages.  My biggest problem with the Xbox, and not as big as it may sound: for some reason it won't read some disks when you first put them it.  This is easily cured by turning the system on and the off again, and it's only certain disks (Donnie Darko was one, Shreck was another) but I was concerned when it wouldn't read the disk and a bit irritated.The main reson I replaced my JVC with my Xbox is that I think the picture is better, and clearer.  With the HDTV cables hooked up, the picture quality on my Sony Wega is crystal clear.  Good transfer DVD's like Star Wars TPM look absolutely incredible. I was really surprised at some of the cool high-end features like the ability to zoom.  I can't find any documentation to prove that the Xbox is a progressive scan DVD player, but I do know that when you attach the HDTV cables you are given several options for progressive scan viewing in the video section.  My TV is not HDTV compatible (although it has component hookups) and I could not play the DVD's with any of those settings.  Even though I haven't read anything about it, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this IS a progressive scan DVD player with HDTV compatibility.While I don't think the sound is any better than my old DVD player, it's just as good whether playing Dolby surround, Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS.While I was originally outrgaed at having to buy the ability to do something that I think the system should already be doing (and still do) I do feel like I got my money's worth.  The Xbox DVD playback far surpasses the other DVD playing game systems and even most mid to low end DVD players.  The reviewers that have said they preferred the PS2 DVD playback boggle my mind.  They either don't own an XBox with the full get-up or are loyal PS2 owners and want it to be true.  I own a PS2 and it's far inferior when playing DVD's. Not even in the same league in this particular category.  The Xbox is still the best deal on the market and is only going to get better.
3	B00005O0I9	I have been using the X-box to play music CDs and watch DVD movies for about 3 months.  I works perfect.  No complaints.  I'm glad I didn't invest any extra money in a dedicated DVD player.
3	B00005O0I9	Have to have it to play DVD's on your xbox...thanks for that microsoft. But it does work well. I never had issue with the range, and all the buttons worked fine. Its about everything you could expect from a run-of-the-mill remote control.
3	B00005O0I9	A must have for Xbox owners.Bad:No eject button and have to get too close to the unit in order for the DVD controller to work.
3	B00005O0I9	This is an item I've read lots of mixed reviews about, but after taking the plunge, I'm surprised that I've had my Xbox this long without this little piece of hardware. While it is true and a legitimate concern that Microsoft chose not to include Power or Eject funtions on the remote (hence the 4 out of 5 rating), the remote is extremely easy to use and well-contoured to your hands. The buttons are of good quality with excellent spring and good general layout. The on-screen menus and display text are sharp and clear, and include top-of-the-line DVD player features like A-B repeat, Zoom, and a killer Advance/Rewind feature of many speeds from 2x-32x. Plus, it also works as a CD and Soundtrack Feature remote if you plan on using you Xbox to play music! Totally worth the money! :)
3	B00005O0I9	What else can I say?  You plug it in and you are able to play dvds.  Only complaint is that it cannot turn on and off the system.
3	B00005O0I9	As far as remotes go, this one could have been better.  When you're holding the remote, the thing falls into your hand so that you're holding it near the back.  This makes everything at and below the select button very accessable, but you kinda have to reach for the important buttons.  no biggie, it's just a little weird.  A power button would have been a good idea, and for some reason, I want an eject button to.  Don't know why.On a side note, it'll be interesting to see if al those people who complained about having to buy a DVD remote for the Xbox will whine about having to buy a modem/broadband adaptor for the PS2.
3	B00005O0I9	There's not much to review about this product, it is supposed to enable your XBox to play DVDs and thats exactly what it does. I guess the only slight problem it has is that it plugs into one of your controller ports but youre not going to be playing a game and watching a DVD at the same time so that doesn't really matter.
3	B00005O0I9	This remote control is a very nice product. We bought it for my brother-in-law for Christmas, and used it that day. It works very nicely. Never did we have trouble with the infrared signal, and you can do most of the normal things you can do with any DVD player, ie fast-forward, rewind, access the menu, etc. Overall, this is a nice product for the price. Nowhere else can you buy a DVD player for this price. Assuming, of course, you already have the Xbox. :)
3	B00005O0I9	As a DVD player, the XBOX is great. This controller is full of surprises. It's comfortable and easy to use.
3	B00005O0I9	I eventually broke down and got a real DVD player even though I already had this.The X-Box would not play my Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers Extended Edition DVD.  It would play on my computer and it plays on my new DVD player but it would not play on my X-Box.  I've also had some problems with DVD's skipping/stuttering that I haven't had on my new dedicated DVD player.I think it's just that the DVD drive the X-Box uses is cheap, so you might run into some problems.If you really want to watch a lot of movies, I suggest getting a seperate player that was built with DVD viewing in mind.  However, the X-Box will play 99% of DVD's just fine, so for this price you wouldn't be amiss to have this for a multi-TV family where the parents want to watch Gone With the Wind and the kids would rather watch pretty much anything on the other TV.If you're just hoping this will save you some cash, don't say I didn't warn you!  Now and then you might find you rented a movie that your X-Box has problems with but a real DVD player wouldn't.
3	B00005O0I9	You have to have this remote to play DVDs on the old XBOX, the black and green pre360 model. You can't control your movie without it. I have used this thing almost daily since I got it, and it works perfectly. I even got another for my son that he's used without a problem until he upgraded to the 360 which is a whole other matter. I recommend this kit highly, if you still use your original XBOX as I do.
3	B00005O0I9	I've got a relic xbox in my house, still works fine, and as advertised. I dont see the need to sell it or get rid of it as it severs a purpose being a dvd player now. This remote fortifies its purpose in life and makes things easy for the family that visits and just want to watch a movie before bed.
3	B00005O0I9	I do not know why this is coming up as a game review, when this is a review for the Xbox DVD movie playback kit.  Anyways, I bought this as a gift for my son and he loves it! It works like a charm.
3	B00005O0I9	with more options for ff and rewind speed, and a zoom feature, the X-Box remote also supports a much friendlier button configuration.  I prefer it over the PS2 DVD.
3	B00005O1GO	What a cute game!  If you don't know, it's a Sim game based on creating a zoo that inhabitable for animals and fun for adults.  It's a little more realistic than the usual park games and not so tedious, either.First the good:  the graphics aren't too bad -- they're just not like Quake.  The animals are very cute and when they have babies they're just adorable.  You have a number of additions to your zoo to decorate and entertain your audience.  Speaking of guests, that's probably one of the better points of the game.  In playing SimRollercoaster, I got very sick of how repetitious it was to send guards after delinquents almost every 5 minutes (meaning, it was just expected after awhile and got very boring.)  Here, the guests act more like guests.  You don't have mass riots break out (unless an animal escapes, obviously) and the most of you have to worry about is bathrooms and food stands.  Once that's in place, it's easier to concentrate on your exhibits rather than the fact that guest #1245 is pissed because there isn't any drink stand within 10 feet of him (although there's one 15 feet away.)  This isn't the case at all.  The guests roam around, take photos and buy stuff without vomiting or getting angry (like the system tells it to.)  It's a little more realistic and fun to play.On the program itself, I was VERY surprised how well it loaded and how fast!  First thing it did was scan my system (quickly) to make sure I was compatible.  Usually with games, I have to run some type of diagnostic within the game disc, but this was different.  Also, it loaded within 10 seconds.  Most of the time, the games I buy take a full minute (such as the Sims or American McGee's Alice which takes a minutes inbetween boards)  I barely have time to grab a drink before it says: What do you want to do?The downsides would be some of the glitches.  Very few, mind you, but they can be annoying.  I find that the keepers have a hard time walking -- period.  They sometimes walk in place for a second and my exhibits fill up with "poo" that they neglect to clean up right away.  But, I'm expecting a patch which I'm sure they'll put out sometime soon.  Otherwise, it runs just fine.  Makes sense, though if you think about it, here's a software company putting out a game that is directly compatible with their platform.  Who better to put out a game than a programming company?All in all, cute game.  Very much an "artsy" type of Sim game where the player concentrates on the look and management of the park rather than the rides.  Pretty fun.
3	B00005O1GO	I originally bought Zoo Tycoon for my wife, who tends not to branch out much in variety of computer games. Cards and hidden item puzzles are more her thing, but I thought that caring for cute animals might appeal to the motherly instinct. In her case, that didn't pan out. However, I liked the game myself, having been a Roller Coaster Tycoon player a few years back, making zoos turn a profit was right down my alley.Zoo Tycoon is a fun game of that type. It played out for me after only a few days, but for the rock bottom price I got it for even then (something like $5 in the bargain bin at Best Buy), that few days worth of play more than covered the price.As my title suggested, watch your bears. I had two male polar bears and one female in an enclosure, and all of a sudden, one of the male bears whacked the other across the noggin' and I had two polar bears and a pile of polar bear meat. Also, make sure that you build a double gated entrance for your cleaners and feeders to go through, or you'll have plenty of animals wandering your walkways right along with the paying customers. Figuring out what types of animals can go into one enclosure together is a key to success. It saves on building expense and cleaning and feeding time, and you get more animals on display per acre. I even had bears and beaver in the same enclosure, but I made sure to give the beaver a little island to retreat to if needed.Recommended, especially at current prices.
3	B00005O1GO	We just got this game. And let me tell you that it's GREAT!!! It's perfect for all ages, even adults! As in the other Tycoon games, there's a few goals; keep guests happy(I have to admit I feel sad when the guests say "I don't like this zoo at all; I'm going home") and take care of your animals and your zoo. The animals are very adorable(especially the baby tigers and lions...awww, so cute!!!). The more animals you get, the harder the game gets. You can't just build a little cage and plunk some animal in it and sit back and watch. You have to constantly be checking on them to see if they are still happy, so this game actually requires some work.This game is so fun, it's a definite must have!One tip; be extra careful with the lions; once they have babies, they won't stop(once we had 24 of them). And you can't sell any of them; they will get sad.
3	B00005O1GO	So you think you got what it takes to run a zoo? This game will help you find out. Not only do you have to keep your customers happy and coming back, but you have to maintain your animals' health and happiness. To keep your animal happy you have to have a suitable environment for them. Keep the environment the same as their homeland. Not sure where the animal resides? You can read info on them. This game can be used as a learning tool! To keep your animals healthy, make sure you have plenty of zoo keepers and rush them over when your animals are sick.There are so many elements to consider when running your zoo. The most important is location, location, location. This will determine how profitable your food joints or gift shops will be. Don't forget to put in restrooms or garbage cans. Also make sure you hire grounds people to maintain your zoo, animal cages and the fences themselves. You don't want your animals getting out. (Even though it is funny watching)There are two modes of play, free form and scenarios. There are tutorials as well. The intermediate and advanced scenarios are locked until you complete the beginner ones. The game also locks animals and objects and notifies you in the game when more objects have become available. Some animals, toys, plants and environments are locked until you complete research on them. If you still can't find the animal you're looking for chances are they'll have it for download. You can get animal, object and scenario updates from the internet. This should help keep the game interesting since there is no multiplayer.This game has many Easter eggs and other funny moments. For example if you put a lion, tiger and a bear in the same cage your paths will turn yellow. (yellow brick road) If you notice my screen shot has a Microsoft plane flying across the zoo. This game also has holiday effects. My visitors are wearing orange and black for Halloween. I was also able to add a Jack-O-Lantern for decoration. Witches were flying around too. The funniest moment in the game so far had to be when I was building a cage for a cheetah, I didn't notice a kid got in the cage until I added the cheetahs. The boy was running around screaming and eventually got out. I thought that was funny. Even funnier was the fact that, that particular incident did not affect my angry visitor rating.From a Christian standpoint, this game is pretty clean.  There are Easter eggs for the holidays like witches and Santa Claus though.The game was easy to install. The graphics were good. Nice detailed scenery. Good music and sound effects. The game ran very stable, no crashes. It will run on all Windows platforms. (It is published by Microsoft) The animal AI is pretty good and natural. You can watch them play and react to their surroundings. (Don't put predator and prey together) My only complaint with this games when you build big zoos, it gets slower navigating through it. Zooming out and decreasing your resolution may help. That's my only complaint. I highly recommend this game.
3	B00005O1GO	This one of the most creative and enjoyable RTS games on the market. The premise is simple: Build a zoo with a variety of exhibits that satisfies some given criteria. There is a lot more to completing that task than just putting some bars around some critters! You have to take the animals into consideration, as well as the guests who want to see them.I have had this game for over a year now, and I still play it all the time. I like the freeform game where you can try to build a zoo that has every available animal and object.Except for some animals fighting if they are put in the same cage, this game is nonviolent and appropriate for the entire family. Although, some younger children may find it a bid challenging so they can play with mom or dad!
3	B00005O1GO	Zoo Tycoon is a simulation game that enables you to build your own zoo, hire zookeepers, buy animals, build and design their exhibits, and provide scenic and entertaining park for your guests. Although there are many Tycoon games out there, this is one of the best.The gameplay and the control panel is easy to learn, intuitive, and complete. It takes a few minutes for you to understand the buttons on the control panel. There is some tutorials available for you to learn the gameplay. The tutorial is interactive, it waits your action before going to the next step. This is to ensure you are doing the right thing. The objectives of each mission are clearly stated at the beginning of each game and you can review them at anytime during the gameplay to check your progress. When you click on one of the animal on your exhibit, an information panel will pop up. Click on Information button to show more information about the animal such as their habitats, their preference of exhibits, their habit, etc. This is a good thing to educate younger people about animals.The graphics and sounds for this game is good. You can see your animals interacting with guests and their exhibits. You can also see your guest walking around your zoo and doing their things. Eating, taking photographs, and so on. You can hear the lion roars, wolf howl, etc.Overall this is an entertaining and educating game not only for kids, but also for adults. Animal lovers will also love this game.
3	B00005O1GO	People who love RCT should really get into this game (altho it does come off as a rip-off of the RCT style and engine...who cares, makes it easier to play!)The one thing myself and my friends did notice right away when playing...this game can be HARD! There is a lot of things you need to concentrate on all at once and learning the types of foliage and terrains and the likes/dislikes of the MANY animals is more difficult than a basic knowledge of roller-coasters and go-carts to me.However, it does take the experience of running a Theme Park like RCT to do well in this game. You are responsible for budgets, marketing, in-park revenue (souveigners, food, etc.), and staff. Adjusting prices, adjusting attractions, shows, and so forth.One thing that is GREAT about this game (I know everyone wished RCT had this) is the freestyle version!  Aside from playing several challenge scenerios, you can also start with a blank piece of land (with terrain and budget of your choosing!)and have fun!  There are also plenty of free download add-ins for this game online!Once you get a handle on this game, you will instantly get hooked and love it...it just takes a little patience at first.  But sooner or later, you'll be breeding lions just to sell them so you can open a new ice-cream cart
3	B00005O1GO	My 8 yr. old son and myself are hooked! Design habitats, zoo layout, organize your staff, and make those donors happy!  Keep the customers satisfied...that means the animals! Ornery giraffes and chippy chimps are definitely a no-no!  PS - don't let that jaguar eat an antelope either, oh no!
3	B00005O1GO	I have never been into sims, but this game proved to be a lot of fun and very addictive.  The premise is simple: build a zoo and keep your animals and visitors happy so you can make a lot of money (to improve your zoo).  The interface is also easy to master, although I often refer to the manual to get hints on how to do things better.  The most fun feature for me is the things you can do to keep the animals happy -- personally I don't really care about human visitors :) -- and this alone has kept me playing the game for hours at a time.
3	B00005O1GO	This game is really attractive. You can build your dream zoo with the tolls it provides. When you are installing the game, it will show a guildline for you to help you to understand the game clearly. My sister like this game very much. But she likes to kill people. She first build a fanstic zoo, then delete all the gate and let the animals escape, then all the animals will escape and fight with people. Although it is a bit cruel, but I think this is a interesting and funny way to play the game again when you are tired of building a normal zoo.
3	B00005O1GO	I just got this game for Christmas and let me tell you it is FUN!!! Great graphics, easy gameplay, and a lot of enjoyment playing this game. Get this game if ya can, you won't regret it!!!
3	B00005O1GO	This game is far better than all the other "Tycoon" games.  The graphics are good, you dont need a supercomputer to run it, and it is well worth the money!  Build zoos in locations all over the world, filled with animals from Penguins to Giant Elephants!  Best part: set your animals free (if you want to) and let them terrorize your park, destroying building and even attacking people (if you like that sort of thing).  Plenty of scenarios to play and new animals and parks can be downloaded from the Microsoft site.  Recommended to everyone, best and most fun game!
3	B00005O1GO	Most &quot;tycoon&quot; games I've played have been cheap wastes of time.  I love the genre though, so I keep playing!  I saw a friend playing Zoo Tycoon and I had to try it - what more could an animal lover like myself ask for in a tycoon game??I always play these games on sandbox mode and cheat to give myself lots of money.  I had a great time spending hours upon hours creating all sorts of cool exhibits and experimenting with different zoo layouts.  The controls are easy to use and there are TONS of animals and &quot;stuff&quot; to choose from when making exhibits.  And if you get bored, you can always let the lions out to wreak some havoc.I have also played both expansions to Zoo Tycoon, and they're both great.  I really enjoy the Marine Mania one, I like making the shows for my dolphins and killer whales.  My only issue with the game, it seemed like my animals loved to procreate.  ALL the time.  Especially my chimps!  Every few minutes something was having a baby, and the chimps were having babies so often they were always upset at having too many animals in the enclosure!  This isn't a huge problem, because it's easy to sell off an animal.  It was just a minor annoyance since once you get a large zoo, at least one animal is having babies every 15-30 seconds.  I do want to mention that friends who have the same game did NOT have the same issues - maybe my animals listened to too much Barry White??I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a tycoon fan.  It's a blast and easily one of the better tycoon games out there.
3	B00005O1GO	The tycoon games get more and more fun as each new one comes out - the developers definitely learn from past experience and build suggestions into the new versions. Zoo Tycoon, the latest release, is about as fun and addictive as you can get!This is just about the ultimate sim game from a number of points of view. First, like SimThemePark and RollerCoaster Tycoon, you've got the whole &quot;please-your-people&quot; aspect. You want them to have pretty paths to walk on, easy access to food, drink and restrooms, rides and attractions to see. Your visitors love looking at animals, and the happier the animals are, the more the people enjoy their experience.But in Zoo Tycoon, instead of &quot;boring&quot; rides that you merely maintain, you now have incredibly animated animals! Put in a pair of lions, and you'll find them running around with glee, chasing each other, and lounging on rocks you give them. If you don't give them an environment they enjoy (say arctic tundra with cactusses) they'll pout and growl instead. If they're content, they might even have lion cubs, that you can watch grow over time!The game is great for kids, adults, and everybody in between. I have friends with 3 computers in their house and all 3 are running this at the same time, as each little zoo is being worked on. You can have lions, tigers and bears ... flamingos and ostriches ... black leopards and rhinos, elephants and giraffes. You can research the ability to work with endangered animals, build aviaries and other special buildings.The scenarios are great. You take over badly-run zoos, and cringe when you see the concrete-and-steel tiny homes these poor animals had! The pleasure you get when the once-miserable animal runs around its new home, happy and content, is very real. Their free-form games mean that you can build yourself your ideal zoo, too, on any number of map-styles.Highly, highly recommended as a game that will be enjoyed for months and months!
3	B00005O1GO	This game is fun but the reason why i put 4 stars,is because sometimes the guests can be mad and leave the area.But still it's fun!!!! Enjoy Amazon.com!
3	B00005O1GO	I'm not big on zoos. So I hesitated for a while before purchasing this game. I thought, eh, how exciting can a zoo really be?It is. It's quite fun. It's not anything mind-blowing, and the premise follows the same SIM format as other games, but it's really quite a delightful little game.You set up your zoo with various animals ranging from Tropical to North American. Then you set up food stands, gift shops, restaurants, trash bins; everything to make your guests happy and comfortable.You also hire staff -- from zoo keepers who tend the animals, to tour guides to maitenance staff to keep the park clean -- and fences mended so the lions don't get out!I could see how this game would be an excellent tool for parents to teach children about wildlife -- its needs, what elements it requires to live happily, its point of origin.But it's also a fun game for adults if you're a fan of SIM games. The interface is smooth and intuitive, and after the imposed tutorial at the beginning you can plunge right into it.All in all, it's a great game. Enjoy!
3	B00005O1GO	Well, I own and love RollerCoaster Tycoon, and I just couldn't get enough of it the first month that I owned it.  It was just SO MUCH FUN!... The game was so new, so cool, so free, that it sold like crazy!  Well, since then, we've seen the birth of dozens of other games like that; including Mall Tycoon, Train Tycoon, Airport Tycoon, Monopoly Tycoon, etc...even a sequel to the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon (RollerCoaster Tycoon 2).  Yet most of those were okay, but didn't capture half of the magic that the first did.  But this one, I have to admit, came extremely close.  How?1. Gameplay: I loved the theme of the game.  You start out with several thousand dollars.  With that cash, you pick a piece of land you'd like to own.  An island, a desert, an ice peak, etc...  Once you've selected your park, you are sent there to create a zoo.  No help, no anything.  You are on your own.  So you decide to buy an animal.  What should you buy?  You can buy just about anything, from elaphants, bears, hippos, cheetahs, ostriges, lions, seals, polar bears, buffalo, etc...it's incredibel!  Now, you have to make these animals happy, or else they'll just sit in a corner and eventually die.  The guests don't want to see that![.]  So you have to build animals large areas to play in, and friends to play with: you have to add african savana for elaphants, trees for goriallas or monkeys, water for any animal to drink out of.You must also build these "habitats" in a way that your guests can see the animals.  Meaning no trees blocking the viewing area unless you built the path all the way around so they can see.  You must let your guests get the best view possible, or else you will fail in your quest to become a "great" zoo.2. Graphics: Incredible!  A lot of people might think that you put an animal in, and it just sits there.  WRONG!  Its the complete oppostite!  The animals run around, play with each other.  The seals swim, the polar bears have growling fights.  The animals lap water (you can keep track of your animals happiness and such like Roller Coaster Tycoon).  And they all have waste that you have to clean up.  For this, you hire trainers, who do everything the animals need.  It's cool to watch an animal sick, lying on its back.  The trainer goes in, lies by its side giving it medicine, then stands up and watches the animal get back up.  This game's graphics were awsome!  Not to mention the occasional humor.  Can anyone say "High santa clause!" this X-mas (sometimes witches, or Santa, or planes fly over the zoo, with jingling bells or weird cries.)  "HO HO HO, Merry Chistmas!"3. Options: A lot.  You can name all of your pets, watch as they have off-spring, and name them.  Build paths, food establishments, water holes, etc..  You hire more employees when you have more animals.  You must also think in this, or compromise to fit as many animals as possible in the place.  Some animals get along, some don't.  And if one gets loose because of a faulty fence...(never put a low, wooden fence around an animal like an elaphant, buffalo, lion, cheetah).  If they break loose, your zoo will be in a mania.  Its kind of fun to save and try this every once and awhile (very fun...mahaha!)Overall, this game had most of what the original had.  But now it's in a zoo!  Not to mention once you get bored (if ever this happens), there are at least 2 or 3 expansion packs.  Can you say Jurassic Zoo (Dinosaur expansion pack), or Waterpark Melee (Aqua Expansion Pack).  I love Tycoon, and u should 2!  Don't miss out on all the fun, this game is fun, great, and though a little strechted (Huge places for eating, that in my opinion look like farmhouses), this game is a blast!  A must-own!Thx!
3	B00005O1GO	Basically, RollerCoaster Tycoon is the best sim game ever. Zoo Tycoon is a great sim- yet different.While RollerCoaster Tycoon is somewhat quick-paced, Zoo Tycoon takes patience. Screaming rollercoasters aren't quite the same as keeping quiet Pandas happy. However, despite the slow pace, Zoo Tycoon can keep you glued to the screen for hours.My favorite mode is free mode, where you simply design a zoo with a given amount of money. Implementing your zoo scenery and landscaping with your exhibits is an interesting and difficult task.There are over 40 animals, tons of exhibit foliage, fences, and toys, as well as three different staff members to hire. The result? A game big enough to keep you entertained. If you enjoyed RollerCoaster Tycoon, this is worth a shot. If you loved RCT, buy this now.
3	B00005O1GO	Zoo Tycoon is simply in one word FUN! I am a huge fan of sim building types of games but Zoo Tycoon is different. It is a wonderful concept of a game. I mean who doesn't love a good Zoo? I have personally recreated the Audobon Zoo in New Orleans among other custom zoos. This game runs smoothly even on my dad's slow Compaq system and runs absolutely amazing on my machine. I know that it might not be a crazy First Person Shooter game with a ton of gore, but watch out when your tigers escape and munch on your visitors. Quite simply put, this game is fun and will entertain for hour after hour for people of all ages. Trust me, I got my dad and my girlfriends mother to attempt the game and they were both hooked on the game for a couple of months. I readdicted my father with the Dinosaur Digs expansion pack and we still play. I have created one particular zoo that I am extremely proud of that is very glamorous and have possibly sold the idea to a major city in our fine USA. I have to keep that top secret as far as where it is...sorry. Anyway go out and buy the game, give it a shot, you will not be disappointed.
3	B00005O1GO	I got this for my daughter ...and she has thoroughly enjoyed it more than the roller coast game!  It's fun and exciting to build your own zoo and with expansion games it's evn more fun!  The game is great as you have to keep all the animals and guests happy.  And if they are not happy you lose your previlages to purchase new animals, you don't get funding, people stop coming to the zoo and you slowly but surely (and in some cases very rapidly) lose money.  It's a great game to teach children about responibility as far as caring for animals, managing money, etc.  It's not as if they can just build a cage, stick an animal in it and that's it.  You have to provide shelter, foliage, rocks, grass, water, snow, toys, food, animal trainers, etc.  And you need maintenance workers to repair fences, clean the grounds, etc.  It's a lot of fun and you can spend hours on this game.  I can honestly say that I've enjoyed it just as much as my daughter.  I started playing it about 10 at night and it only seem like 30 minutes went by but it was already 1:30 in the morning!  So time really does fly when you are playing this very enjoyable and what I believe to be a good educational tool for both children and adults!...
3	B00005O1GO	In Zoo Tycoon you get to run your own zoo. (I'm sure you could have guessed that.) You set up animal exhibits, roadpaths in your zoo, and tourist facilities. When you set up the animal exhibits, the creatures you put in those cages are REALLY picky. Some want this, while others want that and it is difficult to please all the animals in a single exhibit. (They usually agree better if they're the same species of animal.) This game is fun for the first few hours, but soon gets boring. I suggest playing a demo of this game before purchase.
3	B00005O1GO	This is an excellent little game in the style of Rollercoaster Tycoon.  It is quite suitable for children or non-gamers, because of its simple interface and unobjectionable content.  However, it kept this long-time game player riveted for many hours.You are in charge of a zoo, and the animals and guests are your primary concern.  You'll spend most of your time making the animals happy, as guests are pleased primarily by happy, well-adjusted animals.  The great cats are notoriously hard to please, but all animals have their demands - from a certain type of terrain, to toys, to shelters.  You also have to consider the most suitable fence type to keep your lions away from your Thomson's gazelles.  The most difficult portion of the game strategically is raising the money to afford all of these improvements.The game includes both scenarios and free-form maps.  I prefer the scenarios as they offer a challenge - for example, build a zoo with at least 6 different endangered species within 12 months.  There are cheatcodes available to give you unlimited money, which could be fun in free-form mode to build one's perfect vision of a zoo.  Imagine that you're building Disney's Animal Kingdom or your favorite local childhood zoo and you have the idea.Microsoft/Blue Fang have released a number of updates to the game, including new exotic creatures.  They also included a bug-reporting feature.  If you do experience a crash, Zoo Tycoon will upload information to Microsoft for troubleshooting.This game exceeds efforts of similar games, such as SimSafari.  Its mass appeal makes it an excellent Christmas gift, and it's definitely suitable for children as well as adults.  You won't have to worry about unnecessary violence or sexual content here - although the animals do produce offspring, there is no hint of how they did so.  And if the lions do leap the fence and eat your gazelles, you won't be seeing any blood spatter.  The lack of these elements doesn't spoil gameplay, while making the game stand out as a game that parents can feel comfortable sharing with their kids.
3	B00005O1GO	My husband gave me this game for Christmas and I was completly sucked into the gaming pit for three days before I came up for air. So I think that this is a great game. The animals are make cute sounds and -- especially the babies --- and it is great fun (but expensive) to put a flamingo into a Lions cage. Hee hee. There are times though when the game play is tedius. Just waiting for things to happen, for example money to come in to buy new animals or improve existing animal displays or waiting for advances to be found can be pretty boring and I would love to have a fast advance button like in the Sims. Other than that this is a great game.
3	B00005O1GO	I downloaded the demo from microsoft and was amazed .Even though the demo gave you only four species of zoo animals ,I found myself hooked on the game and had to get the full version.Usually I play only fps games and had always found simulations ultra boring,but not so with Zoo Tycoon.It's a great game. I haven't tried the expansions and can't wait to eventually try them.I found myself playing the demo for hours.
3	B00005O1GO	I bought this game after a few weeks of indecision about whether I should.  My only regret is that I didn't buy it sooner.  It's extremely easy to learn and playable right out of the box.  The scenarios are challenging, but not impossible, and the Sandbox mode (which allows you to set the amout of money you start out with) is a great way to learn the game without the limitations or requirements of scenarios.This would be a great game for kids as well!
3	B00005O626	Bash together frantic gameplay, meticulously cel shaded visuals that give this game it's cartoon look, highly interactive Looney Tunes environments, insane dog eat dog multiplay minus loading lags, and you've got an excellent sleeper hit with a god auful title for Xbox. At first, be prepared to get constantly run over, axed in half, blown to bits, or flapjack flattened by a bunch of maniacal cartoons inrubbery vehicles. But give it a chance. Once you get the hang of that plump Xbox controller, and figure out what's going on, Cel Damage gets to be a damn good time in no time. Everything's cel shaded down to the last tiny stick of lit dynamite, and works extremely well with the cartoony look. Cel's levels are some of the most interactive you've ever seen for a shooter racer, meaning suprises ranging from space warp tunnels to jungle vines you can swing on await you,as well as tons of level prop objects that react um, explode rather, When you've crashed through them. Vehicaland taunts to match, also add a lot of personality and humor. So what's not cool about Cel? Only three match types racing, deathmatch and capture the flag style play. Still, that may be plenty considering Cel's got two and four player splitscreen options, and lots of unlockable levels. So there you have it. My only other complaint? Cramping in my left hand from playing too much.
3	B00005O626	This game was one of the first games I purchased for my XBox, 8 months later, it is still one of my favorites. I can't get over the amazing graphics(cartoon, plastic or pencil art, they'll all fantastic). There's no slow down during game play and its concept is one that keeps me coming back for more. It could get old, but for some reason, it doesn't. I've never had as much fun with a cartoonish style game as I have with this one. Though it's very challenging, my kids love it, too.  It's so much fun they can't put down the controller long enough to insert in a different game. They only win about 10% of the time but that doesn't seem to bother them. It's just 'VERY ADDICTIVE' to say the least. Now don't get me wrong, it's NOT impossible to win, it just takes patience and lots of ammo! I've been trying to think of something bad to say about this game, so I can keep this review objective, but I'm having a hard time doing so. I remember at first I hated how easy it was for me to get obliterated by the other toons, but 'LIFE COUNT' is not important and I soon got used to being part of the flying chunks of metal and smoke and now it doesn't even phase me at all. This game will never leave my collection! If you DO try this game, give it more than 5 minutes(I almost didn't because of it's frantic pace but my kids didn't want me to stop...thank goodness!), it could pass you by and I'd hate to see you miss out on some of the best and wildest 'frantic and blow'em up' cartoon action that any console system has to offer.  Gary Fox
3	B00005O626	I liked this game very much.  It wasn't to challenging but not to easy either.  Good graphics, considering the fact that it was a cartoon.  It's also really fun for a party or just a few friends.  The characters are really funny and they each have their own special weapon (sinder is my favorite).  So this game is definitely worth your money, but I do suggest you rent it first just in case you don't think like I do.
3	B00005O626	"hey, i'm a pee-wee!"i said these words after 't-wrecks' hit me in the swamp battle with his shrink ray, and my 8 year old fell off the couch laughing. so did i. i've never had so much fun getting the bejeesus smacked out of me. but it wasn't long until i started doing a little smacking myself.yeah i'm 40 years old and yeah the pace for this cartoon is manic, but it's a crackup all the same. for all you fogies out there, if you can type 40 words per minute, then you've got all the fast twitch muscles you need for this video game. even if you can't there are also weapons for stealth and ambush. but most of all, you're just going to bust up laughing. if you grew up with bugs bunny, this is *your* kind of cartoon.the environments are great fun too. there are transporters and tornados that whip you silly from one end to the other for a quick escape. all of cartoon physics are in full effect here. you hover in mid-air for a moment, then fall off the cliff. the weapons are hilarity themselves. the boxing gloves are fun, but i really like the harpoon's effect. still, nothing beats a huge hammer.i dont' think i'll soon tire of this one. even when you sit around and get whacked it's hilarious. i'm really glad that the snarky remarks made by the characters are PG rated. for a while, i wanted them to be more harsh, but on the whole i'm glad they aren't.smashing fun!!
3	B00005O626	Haven't liked a "racing/vehicle" game this much since Mario Kart.  Game is challenging at first, but once you get a hang of the weapons its a blast!  Its not a game that you concquer and never play again.  My friends and I play every Sunday for hours!  I love the cartoon graphics, sound effects are amazing and the characters have unique attitudes and their own special weapon.  Love the gameplay, the style, every board is exciting, extremely fun weapons, its just a fun game all around. The load times are nonexistant!  I recommend this game to gammers of all levels.  I give it FIVE STARS!
3	B00005O626	Game magazines may critizize this game because of its graphics or its depth.  Two words:  don't listen.  This game is extremely fun.  The graphics were ment to be cartoony, since the game is sort of like cartoon game show.  The game was designed to be cel-shaded (hence the name "Cel Damage").  Plus, graphics don't really matter when a game is this fun.You play through 12 challenging levels.  To unlock them all you have to chop, smack, blow up, and shoot your way to the top.  It's really an all-out smash fest, which makes it fun.  It's like Twisted Metal, only cel-shaded.  Some weapons include axes, grenades, chainsaws, meat grinders (vacum thingies), homing misiles, portable holes, and more.  The main characters are:  a devil who isn't house trained, a really ugly lady vampire, a girl with a disease slowly killing her, a construction worker, a really big nerd, and a duck out of a 30's action movie.  This game is actually quite challenging, too.This is no kid's game.  The cover looks like cartoons, but it's realy cartoons killing each other.  This is a fun game for adults, teens, and some kids.  The game is challenging - the first times you play it you'll come in last in everything, but then as you get better, you can win and unlock levels and stuff.You can get it really cheap, so I would buy it right now if I were you.
3	B00005O626	To make this short and sweet for you...Cell Damage was an Xbox Launch game and was an exclusive for quiet some time.  It showed some really impressive Cell shading.  But hey if this was the first cell shaded I prolly would have givin it a 5 for it's originality.  The game is pretty funThe graphics are just awesome and deserves A star for that..Gameplay is really fun but get's a lil old later but still good.Sound is great...blah.....This game is great and I really can't say much about it except that it is great...duh...I just said thatSome reviews I give a short and sweet meaning I just wanna make this short and some of my reviews you'll see is pretty damn short.  I can't say much about this game and that is why it's gonna be short.Well from excellent visuals to some great gameplay and good sound I guess I just had to give it a..........4.2 out of 5 stars....And there you have it ladies and gents..Lates
3	B00005O626	If you're looking for a game as unique as the Xbox itself, this is it. 1-4 human players compete in a variety of demolition derby matches, with a graphic style straight out of that Roger Rabbit movie. Amazing vehicles, characters, weapons and arenas make this a highly addictive party game. Lots of quotable lines, too. The action is so fast and furious that it'll take a few plays to catch up.
3	B00005O628	Simpsons Road Rage is about how Mr. Burns buys Springfield Transit services and replaces the buses with nuclear power, so to save Springfield you must start your own taxi service, drive people where they want to go, make money to buy transit services back, and avoid running out of time during your money-making excursions. The game's overall quality is decent but unfortunately there are issues that must be addressed. First off, the graphics. The characters don't really look like cartoons, rather ugly character models that didn't take full use of the console's power. Next is repetition. Sometimes the game gets repetitive during taxi missions and the environments are somewhat bland. Next is the destruction. Seriously EA, the destruction in the game isn't very impressive. This game has some overall good value to it if you don't have anything new to play when it comes to driving or you're just bored waiting for new cooler titles. Or, if you you're a rabid Simpsons fan this is definitely worth a look. I had a good enough time with it, but it lacks depth and meat to it.
3	B00005O628	This game is fun.  Will you learn anything or be moved to tears by the storyline? No.  It's fun.It's fun to hear what each character says in response to each event that happens.Just like playing &quot;Crazy Taxi&quot;.Rent it.  If you like it, buy it.  You can replay it over and over again.
3	B00005O628	This weekend I have rented both Crazy Taxi 3 (which includes both 1&2 plus a new map) and Simpsons Road Rage. While Crazy Taxi does have better graphics, MUCH shorter load times, and more driving techniques such as the crazy hop and slide, SRR has it where it counts. It is easily more fun.First off, you'll laugh till you cry with the excellent dialogue. You can play the map again with a different character and expect to pick up different people than with  different conversations. And there is a ALOT of characters to play as. This leading to extended replay value. However, I personally reccomend unlocking the levels first, which are filled with little things that any Simpson fan will instantly recognize and laugh at. However, I will not tell you any of these things cause it may ruin the fun...This game is also MUCH more destructive than Crazy Taxi ever was. It just seems more fun to smash things up in this game than Crazy Taxi. You can also runover pedestrians. Which is really funny to watch and there is no blood. Since I'm on the topic, parents maybe interested to know what type of content is in the game. It was rated 'T' for people 13+. While mostly harmless, there is a bit of foul language in the game. However, it isn't any worse than the show. You do drive by a strip joint in the entertainment district level however. But if you live anywhere in the USA, you know you don't have to go far to see any type of adult entertainment. I think that this game is more than appropriate for a 13 year old, but maybe not enough for an 'E' rating (ages 6+). Overall it should be okay for a 9-11 year old to play.Even when the jokes begin to become stale, this game is great to put in with friends. Watching your friend's laugh till they drop will at least put a smile on your face. Thankfully, EA realized this and put in a 2 player mode, which is not available in Crazy Taxi. Unfortunately, since I only have one controller I am unable to test it out. Another thing I really like is the fact that there is a map at the bottom of the screen which helps you map out the area and tell you where to go. This was a feature was needed in CT, but unfortunately Sega never really delevered. However, sometimes this map becomes your only way of determining where to go since there are a few times where the arrow is a little buggy. But these moments are rare and far between however.I could really go on forever about how good this game is and how well it is, but there is a limit of words. Dispite what other critics say, this game is definately worth getting, especially now of its recently reduced price. If you are still a little weary, rent it first. And if you have some extra $$$, rent Crazy Taxi 3 to do a comparison of how well this game is compared to it. Sure it maybe a ripoff of CT, but it manages to improve off of it. Which really can't be a bad thing. This game is easilly the best Simpsons game since the arcade game!!!
3	B00005O628	A fun driving game where there is no winner or loser. It's not very competitive at all, there are no levels, therefore it is virtually impossible to get stuck. A great game, overall.
3	B00005O628	I can't believe this game gets so much heat for ripping off Crazy Taxi. SO WHAT!!! Crazy Taxi was a great game and The Simpsons : Road Rage is even better! Any Simpsons fan will definetly LOVE the tie ins with the show. You can go all around Springfield, driving various Simpsons characters that say hilarious things ("The leprechan told me to burn things" - Ralph, "Get out of the way Jerk" - Homer). You can choose from over a dozen characters, including the Simpson family, Apu, Ned and many more. The story mode is also challenging, having the player complete different tasks, not just taxi driving. The multiplayer mode I play all the time with my friends. You have to compete with other players in order to get customers and make money. Don't listen to the critics. Simpsons fan or not, you will love this game. Plus, its a bargin at the greatest hits price of only $20. Go buy it.
3	B00005O628	This game has everything in it a simpsons fan could dream of.  Although the game has a simpsons theme that doesn't mean you won't enjoy the game if you don't know the simpsons.  The game takes the Crazy taxi formula that is so great and makes it better by allowing you to drive more characters up to 30 each with their own lines from the show and every time you pick up someone they respond to who you are.  I.E. when your homer and you pick up bart he says &quot;he its the big man&quot; and homer replies with &quot;that's my boy&quot; and every character says 100's of things making this game entertaining and funny.  This game is great if you liked crazy taxi get it.  If you like the Simpsons get it.  This game is hands down the best simpsons game ever made.  Also for those of you who have noticed the ps2 and NGC versions of this game this one is the best graphic wise and gameplay wise.  Plus no load times during gameplay.  BUY THIS GAME
3	B00005O628	This game rocks if you are a Simpsons fan.  If not, don't buy it.  You can unlock a ton of cars and the voices help the gameplay since they are the real actors.  Graphics don't do the Xbox justice, but hey, it's all about having fun.  Which this game supplies plenty of.
3	B00005O628	The Simpsons Road Rage is one of the most fun games I've played.Carting people through Springfield is fun,but the thing I found most entertaining was just going in Sunday Drive mode and just looking at everything and remembering the episode it came from.(I am a huge Simpsons fan)If you are a Simpsons fan as well,you should definitely buy this,and even if you arent you show because its just a sweet game thats fun to play.
3	B00005O628	I was dismally disappointed by Simpsons Wrestling, so I wasn't entirely optimistic about this one. I bought it anyway, though, because I'm a huge fan of the Simpsons. I'm so glad I did. Yes, it's a blatant Crazy Taxi clone, but I liked Crazy Taxi. A difference, though, is the mission mode in Road Rage. Searching for mascots to chase down or newspaper stands to crush is a nice change of pace.The animation is pretty cool, too, and I like that the real voice talent from the show was used. The catchphrases are funny (&quot;I'm afraid of the future!&quot; - Grandpa Simpson) and they are often specific to the current fare.The game isn't too hard, either. You earn new characters as you advance through the game, but it's cumulative - even if you don't do fantastic in every round, keep playing long enough and you'll open everybody.Also neat are the hidden characters (set your Xbox calendar to holidays such as Halloween and Christmas).This game is best for Simpsons fans, but who doesn't like the Simpsons?
3	B00005O628	simpson's rr is a awsome game at first. all the realvoices, colorful, staying with the story plot. but itis a little 2 easy.... the car physics are good. myfavorite part is when you stop, the hand at the topturns, and you make a wicked spin. there are verryfunny lines, like "lisa simpson, will you marry me?all in all a good game
3	B00005O629	Why 5 stars? Because it is the best hockey game on the X-Box.  Not because it is the pinnacle of what a game should be.It will improved over the next year based on these reviews.  But gameplayers have to be happy with the options that are available to them as compared to HitZ.I would like to see some improvements next year, maybe even this year:1.  An update disc with rookies, trades and rosters.  Not unlike the upcoming Dead or Alive 3 disc.2.  More player creation options.  How about features like in create a wrestler? A really fat guy with long hair...Those are my only two comments.
3	B00005O629	This has to be my all time favorite sports series out there, so this review may seem a little bit biased, but I will try to remain as objective as I can.Some people may complaing that the graphics on this game don't take the necessary step above the PS2 version.  This may be true, but the graphics are still very well done, from amusing facial animations to the glare of the lights reflecting on the ice to the instant replays to the awesome new breakaway camera.  I can't find too much to complain about in this department.The gameplay is what really excels in this game.  I really can't believe how well done the slap shots were done.  I try to get off at least 20 ss attempts each game.  The passing, shooting, and checking all are crisp, and its easy to figure out what you did wrong if you have any problems.  The game gives you a great amount of freedom of choice for deciding the various aspects of the game.  The modes in this game are also stellar, and the cardbook tasklist remains a challenge I have yet to finish.Muiltiplayer is definitely where the heart of this game lies in my humble opinion.  Games don't get better then this when you have 3 friends over and they're up for the challenge.  This is a must buy for NHL simulation fans.
3	B00005O629	NHL is the game. If I were to think of a better game than this it would take me until I was 1002 years old. THe graphics=amazing, gameplay=amazing. Checking,agression,fighting,goalscoring=amazing.Get this game as your next one.NHL is a slapshot!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005O629	This is certainly a fun game.  However, I am a little disappointed at the graphics.  By that I mean in comparision to the Graphics on the NFL Fever (yes I know it is not the same sport) in is a big drop-off.  From all I have seen and read about Xbox, I guess this is becuase EA doesn't create games for the Xbox specifically. I wish they would, because with their game play and the graphic potential of the Xbox, we could have one great NHL game.As for owning it, currently its the best out there.  I played Hitz, which is more for younger players who only like certain aspects of the hockey. IN this you can really play the game, like you would play a football game, that is with stragtegy.
3	B00005O629	This is my favorite game for the Xbox.  The graphics are top-notch and the game play is spectacular.  The majority of negative things I have read about NHL 2002 can be turned off in the form of a menu option.  The skill levels are appropriate, you will easily move past beginner once you learn the basics and only the experienced player should attempt the All-Star level.  I'm happy on Pro most of the time.  You can create seasons, playoffs, or Olympic tournaments using either NHL or International hockey teams.  You can also save a roster file to keep up with the latest trades going on in the NHL and always have the latest, most accurate team rosters.  Perhaps the best addition to the EA Sports NHL game as of late is the emotion meter.  Win a fight or follow-through on some big hits, your emotion meter goes up and you may find it easier to score goals.  Great addition as this is the case in real life hockey games.  I've read mixed reviews on the color commentary and while some of it is cheesy, I find most of it very hilarious and entertaining.  "I have a message for a spy in our audience... do not trust the smiling penguin, I repeat, do not trust the smiling penguin.  Good luck Mr. Spy."If you do decide to pick it up or already play NHL 2002, here is a cool trick I discovered.  If you start holding the shoot button to get your shot meter up and then click either the right or left trigger button at the same time (just holding trigger makes you spin), you put a shot right on net regardless of where you are on the ice.  I've had shots from behind MY blue line sail past the goalie.  This is also a great trick to use when they pull their goalie at the end of the game and you want to score with a specific person.  The shot never misses.  I scored 66 goals, most empty netters, with Scott Parker, the enforcer for the Colorado Avs, in my season using this trick.
3	B00005O629	Now granted, I haven't owned a hockey game since the Genesis, but I am really enjoying this new EA NHL game.  Mostly because it doesn't seem to have any errors or easy-scoring functions of the EA games of the past (if anything you can change the settings and make it almost impossible to score).Below are my Top 10 Reasons to buy this NHL game!1 - You can adjust the settings on every aspect of the game from the friction speed of the puck, to the amount of goalie rebounds, to the sheer aggression of the players.2 - Not only are there various difficulty settings but there are also player and goalie BOOST settings.  So if you want to use Detroit but you're playing a friend who has never played, you can lower your goalie boost so it's easier to score on him.  This is a great touch to help any team or player feel like they can win.3 - The sheer controls.  Each of the Xbox's 8 buttons is used.  There's a lot going on and it all has a good level of importance, from the "dump in", to the poke check, to the deke move, or dive and block shot.  In the blur of a game it's also easy to panic and hit the wrong button...KEEP YOUR GAME FACE ON!4 - Coaching strategies are a nice touch which can allow you to set your offense and defense to the settings that work best for you (rush the net, behind the net offense, point, triangle, etc...).  If you're down two goals you can change the offense to 100% rush the net...and it actually works...you may not get the goal but you'll have the pressure.5 - Sound and graphics are excellent (as would be expected on the Xbox)...naturally.  You can create your own player to excellent detail.6 - Players can all go on Hot and Cold streaks during a season.  And it actually means something.  Don't play a tired goalie whatever you do...that boy needs rest!7 - Officials on the ice!  And yes they can get in the way.8 - There's the Olympics in the tournament mode so you can play with the good old USA!  Or give Team Belarus their day in the sun!9 - You can unlock extra bonuses (like how your player celebrates after scoring a goal) by completing tasks throughout your games (some tasks include...score three goals in one period, get two power play goals, complete a shutout, etc...).10 - To the best of my humble knowledge there's yet to be a flaw that allows an easy goal.  If anything in the harder modes, goals are just hard to come by...and yet not impossible.  It feels like you have to work hard to get a goal, and there's a real momentum to the game...if you can't clear the puck from your zone you can feel real pressure that a goal will be imminent!The only drawback to the game is the fighting which amounts to nothing but button-mashing...but since the NHL is trying to weed out fighting I bet they're happy with it.All in all this game is a clear BREAKAWAY SUCCESS for EA!
3	B00005O629	NHL 2002 is a crowning achievement in videogame hockey, the first to combine techincal mastery, EA's typical fast-paced gameplay, and convincing realism into one seamless package.  The beginner mode is a good tutorial to get used to the controls without getting hammered, while the difficult setting will have experts throwing their controller through the TV after the opposing goalie's 40th consecutive save.  Take your team through a season on medium setting on 5 minute periods, and the point totals will accurately reflect their true range (at least with Toronto this was the case).  The feeling of picking the top corner with a rocket wrist shot from the top of the circle is unprecedented, and the control is as crisp and intuitive as one could ask for.  One-timers, thankfully, are still the best way to score, and even star players can miss the net when one-timing a hot pass, although more often than not they are on net.  Although others have complained otherwise, I find the powerplay is recreated well, thanks to good offensive positioning.  The penalty kill [disappoints] though, you can still stick handle end-to-end.  And its too bad the computer AI doesn't cycle the puck or show anything resembling a powerplay.  The X-Box has slightly smoother graphics, a more detailed create-a-player engine and more hit posts/crossbars than the PS2 version, but the big bulky controller is a bit more awkward and unnatural in pulling off on-the-fly line changes and spin-o-ramas.  The commentary is rock-solid, but it can be very lame at times.  However, I find the cheekiness a refreshing change from the usual staleness of videogame and real-life commentary.  And occasionally it is quite funny (At the beginning of the 2nd period during a blowout: "Hey honey, good news; I won't be working overtime today!").  The gameplay is fully customizable, from game speed, to player/goalie boosts, pass accuracy, shot accuracy, aggressiveness, and even puck friction.  Other great features include an NHL cards system that rewards skills and milestones, in-game replays of big hits and saves, the Widescreen Breakaway Camera, and (this is sweet for all you poolies) a FANTASY DRAFT.  This attention to detail makes NHL 2002 an excellent game for casual fans and purists alike, and a superb choice on any system.  Right now this is the best hockey game on the planet, but there are still some ideas that would make the game even more incredible:1.  Improve the fighting.  Not only is a pathetic exercise in button-mashing, but I have never seen Aki Berg drop the gloves against Rod Brind'Amour in real life.  It happened several times in NHL 2002.2.  Include a player editor.  On top of the aforementioned Brind'Amour scandal, it is frustrating when real-life snipers like Brian Rolston and Keith Tkachuk keep missing the net due to their low shot accuracy rating.  The ability to fix these tiny inaccuracies would be awesome.3.  The simulated stats are still inflated.  In today's game, only 1 or 2 players will reach 100 points and 50 goals, not the 10 or 15 represented here.  Only 10 or 15 players will average a point a game, not 50 or 60.  Nobody will reach 500 penalty minutes, and no team will average 11 powerplay opportunites per game.4.  How come nobody ever fans on a one-timer or slap-shot?5.  Tightening up the defensive AI will lower those inflated shot totals dramatically.It might sound nit-picky, but I'm just rambling on in hopes of convincing others that future NHL titles will be just as groundbreaking as this one.  As I said before, the best hockey game on the planet, one that you will be playing until the next precedent-setting EA hockey game is released.
3	B00005O629	I will keep this one short and sweet.  NO ONE does hockey gaming (sim-style) like EA.  I have tried other franchises on several platforms over the years, and EA takes their greatness to each one and outshines everyone else every time.  The gameplay is fluid, options are deep, and the graphics are top-notch.  If you like the arcade-style hockey, then maybe it is not for you.  However, if you want the best hockey sim on the market, just stick with EA and you can't go wrong.
3	B00005O629	Though SEGA's NHL 2K3 will not be available on XBOX until late 2002/early 2003, I think it may be worth waiting for.  SEGA's NHL 2K2 for Dreamcast easily bested EA's NHL 2002 in terms of gameplay.  EA's game is not as fluid or intense as SEGA's effort, and I would go with a wait-and-see attitude unless you are dieing for an XBOX hockey title today.  Somewhat recommended - A good game, but you'd be better off waiting for SEGA's NHL 2K3 to surface on XBOX.
3	B00005O62A	I'm not really that much of a basketball fan, but NBA Live 2002 is a very exciting game.  Great graphics and just pure fun make this game a b-ball fan's must.&quot;NIRVANA RULES&quot;
3	B00005O62A	If you have played the 2003 and 2004 versions of NBA LIVE and played this version, you will find that they are pretty much the same. Especially the 2003, Players all look pretty much the same and there are not any new moves at all. NBA Live 2004 made some improvement but some of the AI is not tolerable. This game has great AI, and great game play with alot of flashy dunks. Sure some of the guys faces doesnt look as good as the 2003 or 2004, and sure, Michael Jordan still plays in this game, and yeh, Nba Live 2004 has that option where you can choose your favorite team and their colors and players will be showing int he menu, but so what? Aren't these sport games all about gameplay??? Petty features should be ignored and we should not encourage EA to make a sport game every year if the roster is THE ONLY thing to be changed. THis is definitely a cheaper but more worth your money NBA Live.Gameplay:9Sound: 8.5Graphics: 8.5Replay Value: 9Overall: 8.75
3	B00005O62A	First things first: This game was a blast, with excellent gameplay, options, and overall depth.  Here's what I thought of the XBOX version of NBA Live 2002 by EA Sports:1. Gameplay: Excellent in almost every way.  Unlike in the older versions, now when you play a good team like the Lakers, it's a lot more difficult to win then when you play someone like the Bulls.  I've played a season so far in franchise mode, and I have to admit, it was very addicting.  Anyone remember playing the old versions of Live, and finding it so easy on the hardest mode to go 35-0 to begin a season?  Not the case here.  After probably 50 hours or more of gameplay, I still lose 2 or 3 out of every 10 games.  And in the big games, playoffs, or against a team like the Mavs, Lakers, Kinds, etc...you really feel the pressure to win.  The AI plays smart, the players and bench react, and the crowd cheers with you on big plays, suddenly goes mute when the other team goes on a run.  The reason I love this game, NBA Live's gameplay rocks anything we've seen so far!The graphics: Very good, but not superb.  It's really cool to see a 3-pointer swish threw the net once, then rattle around and go in the next.  The ball goes in or out different ways now.  Example: in past versions, the ball would just CLANK off the rim or SWISH if it went in.  No other animation.  Now I never know if it's going to go in or out, and it rattles around a different way every time.  The dunks in this game are simply put: AWSOME!!!  You never see the same dunk twice, and the twists and spins are incredible to watch.  The players as well now look great.  You can now clearly tell the difference between big 'ole Shaq and a much smaller Kobe Bryant.  The graphics bring this game to life.  Where the graphics fail you may ask?  There isn't any differnce between one pass or steal and another.  No behind the back, no diving for lose balls, no jaw dropping blocks.  It gets the job done, but nothing else.  I guess we're just spoiled in today's time, but parts of the game are just too simple!3. Options: Once again: very good, but not great.  You can do the usual 1 on 1, exibition, season, franchise, 5 on 5.  There's still create a player.  But unlike in NBA 2k2, you can't do anything but 1 on 1.  No 2 on 2, 3 on 3.  In streetball, only one court.  In franchise mode (this really killed me) no FANTASY DRAFT.  AHHHHHHHH!!!  I used to love that, and it always seemed to create a new challenge.  But for some reason, no fantasy draft in the 2002 version.  WHY???  Who knows.  Oh, one more thing: No real cash.  It's a points system.  If you want to re-sign your star, you offer him what...250,000 points?  Just make it regular cash like everybody else.  I hate the points system.Overall though, this game rocked.  I have probably played it for close to 60 hours, and I still can't put it down.  If you want a good basketball game, with the best graphics, gameplay, and overall realism of the NBA.  NBA Live 2002 is for you!Thx!
3	B00005O62A	NBA Live 2002 is a great game. with sick dunks that willmake your head spin, awsome layups, and good play by playaction.i got an idea that might help you on your season.when you start a season, and you get to the season settingsput trade resrictions off and you can bring the bulls orwhoever you want back from the dead.fun fun fun
3	B00005O62A	I think nba live 2002 is the best basketball game ever. The game play is very smooth,players look very realistic,and all players have their respected shoes.But this games does have some faults1)Players get offensive rebounds very easily2)Automatic keep the score close features - leaving no room to keep a comfortable leave3)easy to score in the paint- even the sorry players can score double digits if they get the ball in the paint.But this game is a must have for all NBA Live Fans
3	B00005O62D	This is the game that i have been waiting for. It features all of the characters from the arcade version. Thank you midway.
3	B00005O62D	this game is cool and provides plenty of entertainment but it is insanely cheezy.
3	B00005O62D	Arctic Thunder is an arcade game- plain and simple.  It can be a lot of fun if you are playing with 2 or 3 others.  Aim for the green turbo icons at all costs or you probably will never win.  It is a blast when you hit these because your snowmobile takes off like a rocket.Gameplay (7.0):Easy controls, fun multiplayer, and stuff to unlock.Graphics (6.5):It is arcade-style all the way, so they are not that bad when you consider that.  Could have been better.Replay (7.5):Very fun when playing with others and can be fun for a single player if you are into unlocking stuff.  Will bore you after you have completed everything.Overall (7.0):I would love to give this one 3.5 stars, but since I cannot, I chose to round up because of the multiplayer fun.
3	B00005O62D	I just dont know but people ar giving this game one star because of the graphics.  I don't think that graphics matter that much if the game is good the graphics shouldnt matter.  My philoso whatever (i dont know how to spell it) is that graphics are only a plus but if the game doesnt have good graphics than thats ok if the game is good.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is one of the first GBA games to be released, released about 6 months after the GBA came out. It's over 10 years old now, and it's still a great game to play. I mean sure, you can easily beat the game 100% in about 15 hours, give or take some. However, they released a sequel (which I have yet to pick up, hopefully I do soon), and a DS version (currently playing, definitely worth the money). However, there's something about this series that makes it unique and fun.First off, it's not just an RPG where you walk from town to town simply. You use Psynergy, the game's magic system, to solve puzzles so you can progress through the game, giving it its own unique challenge. In the beginning the puzzles are easy, but as the game goes on, you have to find equipment that gives you abilities, or you have to collect little creatures called Djinn to change your class/get different abilities.There's a wide arrange of classes in this game, and the class you are depends on what character it is, and what/how many Djinn are on each character. Sure, you could have 7 of the same Djinn on one character, or you can mix it up and put 3-4 of two different kinds on a character, giving them random stat boosts and new abilities for you to use.This game has a unique story behind each character as well, and along with awesome music, this game is definitely worth it, if you can find it that is. Usually people sell this and the 2nd game together on ebay, so if you can't find a good deal on here (usually like $15 or less), check there. Definitely get this game!
3	B00005OARM	You should buy this one. The Graphics are stunning for a 16 bit. The plot was strong, and the characters were well developed. The battle animations were cool, but not too long. This game is very challenging, and was not rushed. Arguably the best RPG ever on a Nintendo system.
3	B00005OARM	I know I'm a bit late, but I'm in love.  Generally speaking, I'm a sucker for anything that has experience points incorporated into the gameplay, but my enjoyment of this game goes far beyond that.  The plot is a bit predictable at times, and the music/sound effects make me turn the volume off sometimes, but the graphics are lush and the gameplay really WORKS.This is what the junction and GF systems in FFVIII should have been.  A large part of the gameplay hinges on djinns, or elemental spirits which you must collect as you progress through the game.  Once you collect a djinn, you must "set" it to a character (think of it as junctioning).  This will affect what sort of special abilities the character has, the character's stats, their class, and, of course, what they get to summon in battle.The most interesting thing about the djinns is the fact that you can combine different elemental djinns on one person to produce some interesting special abilities.  Admittedly, some djinns do not do this when in certain combinations, but the idea is simply fascinating and opens up a very interesting avenue in character development.Anyway, the upshot of this is, if you are an RPG fan with a GBA, you need this game.
3	B00005OARM	I have played numerous RPG's although i wouldnt consider myself as an expert i do know a few things. Golden Sun is in my opinion the best RPG for a portable system. The graphics kick, and the game has good music. unlike other games that play the same music over and over. Even though it follows the basic storyline for RPG's there is a little difference. I dont really want to go into detail but this is a must have for any GBA player. Golden Sun 2 will be coming out in december
3	B00005OARM	This game seemed short to me (33 hours to beat) but I had to beat it again, costing me another 15 hours. I've spent 48 hours on this game.That's pretty good.This game probably was censored from the Japanese version-everything is. Japan doesn't really filter anything for their children. There was nothing wrong with it. It deserved the E rating unless you're one of those freaky overprotective mothers who doesn't want their child to see a sword in motion. (There is no cut, wound or blood shown. They just fall back, and dissolve when slain.)It is worth your cash.
3	B00005OARM	Fans of Squaresoft RPGs (Chrono Trigger especially) will love this game, and even those who are not big on RPGs will get a kick out of it. It is an action-based RPG with a battle and magic systems very similar to that of Secret of Mana, Chrono Trigger, and the various Final Fantasy games.Here are the Pros: The graphics and sound make you understand the true power of this little system. The fights are fast paced, and characters are colorful and well animated. The music is classic RPG material similar to the Squaresoft games. The story, albeit cliched by RPG standards, is engrossing, and will require a lot of reading and attention. This is a major plus because the time flies by as you are playing, so a long bus ride or flight won't seem so long when you are playing this.Here are the Cons: There are very few. But the one problem that I often experience is that the hours of gameplay required takes it's toll on your batteries. As well, though &quot;Golden Sun&quot; can be considered gound-breaking by handheld standards, the story gives the player a real deja-vu feeling. A more fresh and original storyline would have helped. But a standard RPG story is always engrossing, you just sometimes get that &quot;been there, done that&quot; feeling.&quot;Golden Sun&quot; is a game for the more intellegent and attentative gamer, and a great way to pass time on the road. You will be impressed by the graphics and sound, but you'll stay for the fun and adventure.
3	B00005OARM	I first played this game as a recommendation from a friend, and I wish to pass the same thoughts on to everyone else! It's got to be the very best GBA game I will ever play! The plot was spectacular, with only one major con to the main gameplay. There were WAY too many long speeches, and they were WAY too long. But besides that, it's an amazing game.
3	B00005OARM	At the time of getting Breath of Fire for Christmas last year, I was recommended Golden Sun. While I wasn't familiar with it, I put off getting it. Yet, more and more, I was urged into getting it as I'm a big RPG fan. Well, I eventually got it. After playing it, I can honestly say that....Golden Sun IS the best-looking GBA games out there bar none, one of the better RPGs out there(definitely one of the top five), and it DOES live up to all the hype it's getting from people. It's a truly magnificent gameplay experience. The graphics are astonishing, story is deep...and the gameplay is challenging. I'm really tickled that a sequel is in the works for this game. If you like RPGs, definitely do yourself a favor and get this game. If you aren't, you still ought to rent it just to check it out. Golden Sun is definitely one of those RPGs that all other GBA games will have to live up to, graphically and otherwise.
3	B00005OARM	This has got to be the most advanced Game Boy Advance game out there!  With 3-Dimesonal graphics, this game has beaten the standards of a Nintendo 64 game; Golden Sun is Camelot's finest game out there.  Besides the breath-taking graphics and backgrounds, the battle-system is awesome.  The summons (speical attacks) are the most breath-taking about the game.  On top of that, it has a great storyline, and the ability to Equip characters with Djinn (A special accessory that enhances your character in many ways) is just unbelievable.The game is also a 16-Megabyte game (Biggest out there; 4 times as much space as Breath of Fire), and the price is awesome as well.  The game ALSO has a town (called 'Tolbi' when you get there) that features many different mini-games to play when you are bored of fighting.  To top it off, Camelot has included a 'Battle Arena' so 2 Golden Sun cartridges duke it out in a speical Arena to determine who really is the strongest of them all.ANOTHER feature not many people know of is a "Data Transfer" feature.  Golden Sun 2 is out in Japan now, and at the end of Golden Sun 1, the games data "freezes" so you can't play it (you may want to copy your file to a 2nd slot before you fight the last boss so you can keep training and playing, and keep your first file frozen), and with a Game link cable you transfer your Golden Sun file to Golden Sun 2!!!!  I have tried Golden Sun 2 myself (Japaneese of course) and at the beginning it asks you if you want to transfer your Golden Sun 1 file.  I've never seen what the benefits of this feature is, but it's gotta be impressive.Finally, I say buy the game; Renting it will waste your money becuase you'll want the game yourself.-A little bit about the game-In your hometown, a severe storm suddenly strikes, destroying everything in its path.  Playing as Issac and your good buddy Garet, you must help everyone who was injured in your town, and set on a quest soon after (I'll spoil it if I say wat ;-]).  Solving puzzles, killing enemies, and teaming up with new pals Ivan and Mia, you'll be playing this game for hours!
3	B00005OARM	Like the title suggests, this game is just too good for words.  Graphics are flat-out THE BEST on any GBA game I have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes on and the battle system is amazing.  The camera magic in this game goes beyond anything I've ever seen.  Not only does the camera work magic, but the intense, thought-out magic system deserves a review of its own.  I'm not gonna to ruin the game for you by blabbering on about the story (which might I add is a tad bit cliche) and rambling about the different weapons, all I'm gonna say is:  Get this game as soon as you possibly can!  It's a shame five stars is the highest rating.....
3	B00005OARM	I've played some of the great titles in RPG history:  Final Fantasy (4,5,6,7,8,9,10), Xenogears, Chrono Trigger, Lunar (1 and 2), Star Ocean 2, along with many others.  This game definately is up there as one of the more well made RPGs.  With an amazing battle system that pushes the limits of the GBA, this game's graphics quality is amazing.  It's music is well done, could be better, but overall not bad.  The character designs are well done and the world design is pretty darn straight forward.  The only problem with Golden Sun is that it has no character development, the characters pretty much just fall into your lap with little development or setup for who the characters REALLY are other than just another addition to your team.  One other minor problem is that Golden Sun is set up to be a trilogy, if you want a game with a straight beginning, middle, end, don't buy this game, however, if you're looking to the setup of what could be an amazing epic adventure, than this RPG is definately for you.
3	B00005OARM	I do not own this game but I borowed it bacause I had thought about buying but wasint sure so I didint but now after playing I realized how fun it is and it will possibly be the next game I buy for my SP! Great game I recommend for any RPG fan and ones that arnt!
3	B00005OARM	I'll make this short.  It's like Final Fantasy, only better (generic, no?).  I'm not a real fan of fantasy-setting RPGs, but I've made my exception.  Getting a GBA? Are you a RPG junkie? Look no more.  My only complaint is that the battle system is a lot like Final Fantasy: two sides (you and the enemy), your characters just stand there until it's their turn to fight.  Yea, they just...stand there.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun was a nice surprise after i got a few hours into it. It really turned out to be a solid and well made rpg.However, the intro is slow and i do mean slow.The introduction is almost an hour long of continuous dialogue.Im knocking off half a star due to the beginning, and the rest of the games, tedious dialogue. There is a TON of reading to be done in this game and none of it is worthy of a novel...Another bad part of this game is how easy it is. I went through the entire game without using one healing item, like potions, and such. The synergys and pokemon are way too strong and get you through every battle without a sweat.Still, this game was lots of fun and had many unique puzzles and situations thanks to its psynergy system. So if youre in need of a fun, well made, and lengthy portable rpg than you dont have to look any further than Golden Sun.
3	B00005OARM	I'll admit it- I'm a terrible gamer. No matter how hard I try, I just can't keep up with the button mashing or fight while using a magical item or potion. Shortly after this game released, my boyfriend at the time introduced me to this game. While the relationship didn't work out, my love affair with Golden Sun is still going strong.The game plotline follows a group of teens/children/whatever who live in a mysterious village where magic is real & must be hidden from the world. When the town researcher persuades them to explore the village's mysterious mountain temple, they end up reintroducing magic to the world, discovering the existence of several stones that could activate mysterious lighthouses... and also discovering that they were followed by several sinister beings who want to unleash that magic for their own purposes.I really do love this game play. Not only is the story completely awesome, but it's easy for me to play without being babyish. The game play is turn based, so it's good for those who want to think strategy or just aren't fast enough with the button mashing. The characters are all well developed & the graphics are pretty amazing for the Advance system. (This could've easily been put on the GameCube rather than the Advance.) The only downfall of the game is that the speaking scenes are rather long & you'll have to scroll through them if you want to replay. Even so, with there being so many little details to the game it's not that much of a hardship.If you are looking for something good to start off with or if you are a hardened gamer, you'll love this game.
3	B00005OARM	Wow, I was pleasantly surprised first of all.  I didn't expect anything like games from Enix or Square, but surprisingly it holds its place firmly against well-known RPG games.  I purchased the game so I could just play little bit before going to bed, but I ended up finishing it in couple days because I just couldn't put it down.Golden Sun really shows what GBA is capable of in graphic and music, trust me, you will be surprised with how they managed to pull out some amazing special effects.  I wouldn't say the music was superb, but it does an excellent job by bringing out the appropriate and suitable feeling of the situation.  And not to mention much more sound channels, make sure to play this game with headphone on, you will know the difference.I think the story is pretty typical, using basic elements, fighting against evil, however, what it really pulled me into was the puzzle element.  I mean, I didn't have this much of fun since Link's Awakening for Gameboy Color, trying to figure out the puzzle.  You will be surprised because of not only traditional, well-thought out puzzles, but also some are very fresh in concept (you will know what I mean).I think Golden Sun is better than games like Final Fantasy 10 fun factor wise.  I could easily stop playing FF10 while I had to play Golden Sun again and again.  Golden Sun managed build 4 main characters with their own characteristic/personality till the end, which was very nice like Final Fantasy series, and also was able to add that essence of Dragon Warrior series, which was about finding the way to get certain item or place.  Once again, I would definitely recommend this gem to anyone who's looking for more than decent RPG for GBA.  Oh, by the way, This is the very first chapter of Golden Sun, meaning there will be sequel to it.  But don't think it will ruin the game play since it's more like the Lord of the Ring series, it will only give you more thirst to play sequel than ruining the experience.  Enjoy it-
3	B00005OARM	This game has everything--it's visually appealing, it has a cute (albeit simple) story, and it's turn-based, just like a classic RPG should be. The music and summons are especially neat. Overall, a very cool GBA game.
3	B00005OARM	i had re-buy this game, but now i have it so i am happy. very cute gameplay good story line and the battles are very fun. many items to find. powerful bosses.
3	B00005OARM	I hear so much about this game, they say its going to be one of the best gba game ever.the best the rpg game for a handheld, i sure hope this game turns out like that. i first heard about this game july 2nd of this year and i have been wait for a while. i was going to pre-order it but i'll wait to see what pocket ign has to say about it when they review it. lets hope all this fuss i'm hereing is true...ps-also its by nintendo and they know how to make games for there system and its only 30 bucks
3	B00005OARM	This is clearly one of the best RPGs ever made. I don't even like RPGs but when I set down and played this one I was mezmorized...The incredible storyline is nothing short of perfect.The graphics are stunning. They look so good I forgot I was playing a handheld game system. One of the game's many strongpoints is all the different moves and attacks you can have. There are countless moves and attacks. It is amazing how much they can hold on one of those little GameBoy Advance gamepacks! I thought I was halfway through the game and I wasn't even close. Even if you haven't played this game on the Super Nintendo you can still play this game. You don't need to know anything about the previous game at all.To top it all of this game has multi-player. Yes it has multi-player. You can link up with one of your buddies and whip up on him. This is must buy for any gamer. Even if the only game you own for your GBA is Pokemon, you will still get a kick out of this game. The replay value on this game it high also. Even if it is years after you beat the game, you can still turn it on and just battle evil monsters. So go beg your mommies to buy u this game now!
3	B00005OARM	Any rpg gamer out there knows that if you want a good game, NINTENDO is not the way to go.  Sure, they got the whole action-mindless violence thing down, but rpgs are not their strong point.  But they have amazed me, and many other gamers with this ground breaking rpg!!Golden Sun tests you and rewards you in many ways.  It has chalenging puzzels and really beautiful battles.  The music on this game is just magnificient, and it always protrays the mood of the moment perfectly.  With an innovative plot and charming characters, Golden Sun was an incredible rpg.One really cool element in this game was your power to alter your surroundings in the world around you.  You can move logs, freeze puddles, blow away bushes and even read peoples minds!  It really enhances the enjoyment of the gameplay.Golden Sun has a very intellegent plot.  It doesn't bore you with the same old cliches, and really just has a very cool story.  As for the dialog amongst the characters, there really isn't a problem with it, but it could have handled some swears here and there!!  The main character, Isaac may be rather silent in this game, but he makes up for it in the next game!  The relationships between the characters grow and develope as the game goes on and on, and they become even stronger in the games intertwining sequal.The graphics in this game are strangly beautiful for a gba game.  The effects in battle are just breathtaking and it only gets better as the game progresses.I have played alot of rpgs in my time, and although LUNAR still remains the best in my mind, Golden Sun is a really awesome game!  I can't wait to see what the future has in store for this revolutionary series, I'm sure it will be great!!
3	B00005OARM	Lets just say, when i first started to play i thought i would play a few hours, i was wrong, 8 hours later i was still playing.Very addictive!, I think its the best game yet made for GBA!! Try it for yourself....you wont be dissapointed!Have fun...try not to loose sleep over it! HA HADaniel
3	B00005OARM	This game is pretty fun to play in between classes and during my astronomy lectures.  It has really good graphics and spells for a game boy.The story seems to be overused and predictable.  And the dialogue is too long for such a linear game.  My favorite rpg's are Planescape: Torment, Fallout 2, and Arcanum for the Computer.  These have lots of dialogue, but there are tons of choices to define your character and stuff.  This is just too linear to make us press B for all of the text.  And the yes and No in the text is pretty pointless too.  It all leads to the samething.Monster encounters happen to often (imho) and it can get really difficult.  But all in all it is a pretty good game for GBA.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is a great RPG game for GBA. I think one of the best nes that you can get on this system. It has a very engaging storyline with lots of twists throughout. It is a must for all RPG lovers and it is also a great game for the person who is just starting to play RPGs. The menus are very easy to navigate through the game and the graphics are awesome! One thing I must warn you ahead of time is that once you finish this game, you're gonna want to buy Golden Sun: The Lost Age. It continues the story that this game has started. ^_^
3	B00005OARM	It is a really good game!  i'm not exagrating.  i culd play for hours if my mom didn't stop me from playing it.  Its really fun but, i wish i had more pp.  Otherwise its a really good game .  its a good place to start if you want to become a gr8 gamer.  I'm starting there and its not too hard to get to another level.  to make a long story short,  Buy this item!  You won't regret it!!
3	B00005OARM	this game is sooo cool!If you like games with adventure, action and fun, this is your game!!!!Golden sun is a great (sometimes tough,) game to all who like RPG games.I just bought this game and from the first 5 minutes it was cool.(so dont judge it immediatley from the start)you will love the graphics and gameplay,BUY THIS GAME!!!!It could be hard to find new though,its sort of old I luckily found the last new one in ELECTONUC BOUTIQE (EBX MISSION VIEJO MALL CALIFORNIA)buy this game and have fun,i heard the second game is good too,it will also be easier to find.
3	B00005OARM	This game is amazing! Its like as good as final fantasy games! Great Story line, lots of leveling up and magic spells and powers and swords and weapons and stuff! theirs tons of hours of gameplay and its fun to play head to head with your friends! If you like RPG games get it!
3	B00005OARM	Finaly passed the game within a month since i started totaling about 34 hours of gameplay for me.  Had to use some hints along the way to figure out some of the puzzles so it wasn't too bad.  The puzzles weren't too hard to figure out since if you mess up you can always walk out of a room and the puzzle resets.  There are however a few puzzles that require backtracking several screens, making you wonder what the clicks/levers were for but mostly it isn't something that would stop you in your tracks in playing the game.The sound is realy bad, very repetitive with perhaps 3 tracks that plays for the entire lenght of the game.  However, since it is a GBA game then it's onpare with the other GBA games.  The sound however isnt something that would keep you from playing this old classic that must be very cheap by now.The game play utilizes the old style rpg gameplay where you attack in a turn based mode.  However, they added a few more options to this style by adding special djinn that you can use to boost your stats or use them directly as a summon.  Then the melee fight was augmented with the additions of weapons that uses magic the way a caster would.  This adds a degree of magic to your boring brutes that you use at the front lines, giving them a new dememsion.  Golden sun took what is traditional and added a few features to it to keep it interesting but dont look for anything radical.  The standard old school rpg is very present.The linear gameplay is apparent from the start and doesn't change much as you go on.  Fortunately, toward the middle you are allowed to backtrack and go to old regions if you wish to finish all the corners of a dungeon that you left behind for all the rare items.I enjoyed this game from start to finish.  Graphics is nothing new and sound isn't much to look for but if you know what you're getting into then Golden Sun can only please you more with their gameplay.  I would recomend all rpg fans to pick this one up, especialy if they didn't play the second part yet since the characters can be reused with stats and all.
3	B00005OARM	I will start right off and say a great and will be classic game for GBA. Its deffinatly not what it could have been, and though i havent played the jap version there is no heavy and dark conversations or exchanges, and it sounds like he hasnt played the american version. Anyways golden sun is very good for the money, but the story is right out of rpg class 101, in other words very basic, very stay inside the lines. Can be confusing at times, puzzle wise. PRos - Good old fashiond RPG. Visually awesome, the graphics kick tail. Very final fantasy sevenish, combat wise. Save anywhere. Strategiclly awesome. good magic game. Cons - very basic and at times boring rpg. You Do Get Stuck. very hard to find the four wild djinn ( the last for Djinn you find in the wild) Once you go forward its hard to go back and do things. Very run of the mill dont stray off the beaten path, keep right on going with one quest at a time game.All in all fun and exilerating!!
3	B00005OARM	This is a very good game for the GBA. It is somewhat short and easy, but hey, this is the GBA we're talking about here, not the Xbox. I played it on road trips and it's so good I never notice that I was getting carsick. The story is kind of unoriginal once you near the end, but I love the fact that it keeps you on your toes and it's really suspensful. Almost everyone who reviewed this game said something about it's wonderful graphics. The battle system has the same ol' stuff you would expect from an rpg: attack, defend, psynergy(magic), item, and summon. Nothing special there. Buy this game if you got GBA, because you would've wasted your money on the gameboy if you don't buy this game.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is such a cool game! Once you start playing it you can't stop. The graphics are great, the story is great, and the characters are great! The ending, although it's sad (this is my opinion, and often my opinions on what are sad are usually different from other people's opinions), is great, too! If you want to play a totally great game for Game Boy Advance, this is definately a perfect game to play!
3	B00005OARM	this is a great adventure game..you actually have to use your brain to solve the many challenging puzzles. this game is the right difficulty. and is really good for anybody looking for a game harder than PAPER MARIO but easier than DRAGON WARRIOR III.if you like adventure games BUY THIS NOW!!!
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is a flashback to some of my favorite SNES RPG's, and looks quite good for a gameboy game.  I haven't been this excited about an RPG since the original Pokemon craze, and although Golden Sun's story line is rather linear, you'll definitely spend hours on end playing it.  GS also packs many graphic details into such a small console, making the battle scenes memorable and stretching its entertainment value a bit farther than other games such as Eye of the Beholder, who's characters look not only their respective 10 years old, but the lack of any detail distracts from its overall gameplay.I'd recommend it for any RPG fan, just don't expect FFX when it boots up.
3	B00005OARM	This is so far the best RPG I've tried for the GameBoy Advance system.  It has a wonderful story, great graphics and sound, and plenty of puzzles!  This game has a fairly intuitive interface, and will provide several hours of entertainment.  Some of the nicer features are: the ability to save anywhere in the game (except during story arcs), fast paced combat, and a variety of ways to customize your characters.  This game is a must for any RPG fan with a GBA!
3	B00005OARM	This is in my opinion by far the best original GBA game so far (I mean not conversions like Mario World).The graphics might be the best seen on GBA yet and look stunning. Every attack,landscape and character is displayed clearly with some great artwork. The game itself is damn fun to play. It will take over 15 hours if not rushed and never gets boring. The battle system is great and the quests are varied. Also the 4 characters you have control over can have different sets of moves depending on the "Djinn" you set on them. This varies the combat style and makes sure all characters don't play the same. Putting the game's qualities on a scale of 1 to 10 would look like this:(Obviously 10 being best 1 being worst..duh)Graphics:10Sound:9.2Gameplay:9.6Lastability:8.5Overall any GBA owner should really own this and not just RPG fans. For RPG fans this game is such a necessity although it maybe a little formulaic and unoriginal plotwise to them. Very highly recommended.
3	B00005OARM	this is probobly the best game on gba next to advance wars.wow. the controls were easy to learn, it was hard, but not so hard like dw3 which is great, dont get me wrong, but i never finished it because it was impossible. but thats aside the topic.-graphics-wow. some of the best ever. battles are amazing.-sound-not the best on gba, but still amazing.-story-predictable, but rpg fans like me will eat it up. who cares if its predictable.-gameplay-guess.wow.-overall-999999/5buy this game!!
3	B00005OARM	I had a recent pleasant shock. Final Fantasy IV is a wonderful. I played it on the GB version and now have an eternal love for both RPG's and sprite worlds. My only other RPG I had had experience with at the time was Tales of Symphonia another awesome experience. I have done my research and I realize I have been RPG spoiled.  With nothing but the best to compare it to, however good Golden sun is it had a very high standard to live up to. If this is realized, it did very well.I came to Golden sun expecting a lot. But while I expected good harmonizing music I did not expect what I got. Quite a bit of the soundtrack was spectacular. The menu theme in was a treat and listening to it the first time was a defining experience in the game. A few other pieces were really good including most of the dungeon music. The battle theme was good, for the first few hundred times. Then it just fell out, of your consciousness. But not all the music was all good. It almost felt frustrating at times how you expected the music to be better than it was.  I would give music 8.6/10.Graphics were really good. Nothing to complain about on the overworld. The battles were very good. But as the flashes of color got larger so did the amount of color needed to impress you. Soon I did not care about fancy looking spells. 9/10 (I would like to point out that I care little about how the graphics are as long as they are good in their own way)Battles were engaging enough. Very fun to begin with. Never really  became a chore. 8/10 Let me point out though that the final boss was a little overdone. Way too difficult. It must have been the hardest boss I have ever faced and that is saying something. The 5-10 hours it took to best the final boss really did something to spoil my experience of the game. Some people like the hard bosses but please don't over do it. It wasn't even a fun final boss.Now onto the important stuff, the overall  journey. While the story was less then great I have had plenty of wowing experiences throughout the game. It has all sorts of moments that really made it great to play. And on the other hand there were some places that were truly not fun. So this game was like a batch of grapes that had some wonderful grapes many ok grapes and then a few rotten ones.  But the game wasn't a whole experience for the most part. Most other games I find blend into a general whole experience.So was I a little disappointed? I would lie if I said no. But in all honestly I can't say It was a bad game.  8.5/10
3	B00005OARM	If you have played any final fanasy game and you liked it you will like this. The Best gameBoy Adv. game ever. It has Very good graphics and the Story is awsome. You NEED this game.If you buy it and like it then by the sequal to it Golden Sun  The Lost Age. coming out April 17.I hope this helped your suggestion to buy this game. Tust me, it's awsome!
3	B00005OARM	I played Golden Sun years ago, when it first came out, and it was actually my first rpg.  I loved it, and when I completed collecting all the Djinn, it felt great!  Now I'm starting the journey over again, and I can't wait to get into the thick of it.  I even have Golden Sun: The Lost Ages waiting for me to complete its predecessor:)  I am very happy with the purchase I made, it came in earlier than expected (ordered with Pokemon: Fire Red) and the cartridge was in good condition.  One great thing about GBA games, is that they can withstand almost any treatment.  Just blow out any dust, possibly swab a Q-tip through, and you're good to go!
3	B00005OARM	This game is phonomenal! Me and my friend bought the day it came out. The graphics are simple and smooth in towns, a little lower in quality is the world map graphics, but in battle is where GS really shows what a GBA can do. You are Isaac a Adept of Earth from the town of Vale, you go on a quest with your best friend Garet an Fire Adept to save the world. So the storyline isn't anything really special but the gameplay is excellent. You will meet 2 other friends who will join you on your quest Ivan and Mia.  The 4 of you go off on a quest to try and stop evil Adepts from lighting the 4 lighthouses which if lit will give the evil adepts the power to destroy the world.  You go from town to town killing monsters, learning spells and moves, going on sub quests and adventures, finding djinn(little monsters which you can summon in battle to fight with) with one ultimate goal of saving the world.  This game has stunning graphics, awsome game play, decent replay value, and isn't too challenging. Let me correct amazon.com, they say at the top of this page it's 4 players, it's not, but it is 2 player, both players must have a GS cartridge to play though. A masterpeice of a game! Anyone who has a GBA, loves RPG's, and likes to have fun should purchase this. It's worth the (money)!!!!
3	B00005OARM	This game is astounding, with excellent and complex gameplay, plenty of puzzles to figure out, and more than a few secrets I have yet to unearth. This game can stand tall with Final Fantasy and other highly respected RPG titles, because it is beautiful, detailed, very long and just plain fun. This game definitely breaks the mold for its time period, I couldn't believe it was released in 2001. Buy this one and play it well before it disappears!
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is a classic stly, turn-based RPG.  It include magic abilities, summons, and magical weopons to inflict damage or have stratigic effects on enemies or teammates.  It is the same stlye as games like the earlier Final Fantasy games, and should be equally entertaining.  The game features outstanding visuals on battle, and the summons and spells have nice animation, the best on the sytem so far.  The Game Boy Advance is lacking in RPG games, until now.
3	B00005OARM	Love this game was very fun and entertaining had a great storyline and made you want to keep going in the series. Great game for any time, I would recommend buying it.
3	B00005OARM	I loved this game! True, it only took me a week to finish and I didn't need a hint book, but sometimes it's nice to play a straight-forward game. I like a turn based battle system and the ability to save at any time.  This game is great for playing during commercial breaks or when you can't commit several hours in a block since it doesn't require your complete attention at all times. The story is fun and the characters are very likeable.  I actually missed them when I finished.  The game cuts off in the middle of the story, though.  I wonder how they'll do the second half.  The graphics were great and I love the Djinn.  The puzzles were just easy enough to do in your head, but tough enough to be a challenge that way.  By all means do the side quests and try to find all 28 Djinn, it's more fun that way. I didn't have to spend all of my time leveling either, just playing the game gave me all the experience I needed.  Basically, it had nothing that usually annoys me about RPGs and thats enough for me.
3	B00005OARM	If you are a RPG game fan,I almost garentee you will like this game. The storyline is addicting and the graphis are awesome! The music is good too. I would not recommend this to younger kids,but around 12 and up. The instruction manual goes a little too much into detail and may seem to make the game confusing. The game is very fun!!5 stars!!
3	B00005OARM	The Game Boy Advance is one of the best systems out right now. Better than XBox and almost as good as GameCube and Playstation 2, this system is currently spawning (and respawning) some great games. &quot;Golden Sun&quot; is one of them. The story is about a group of boys who use psynergy to bring down a group of theives and save the world (or something like that). The graphics and music really make the game great, though some of the plot devices are predictable. But &quot;Golden Sun&quot; is a great game for a long car ride or Math class.
3	B00005OARM	great game but,alotta times you are givin no clues of were to go next.and if you no anything about rpgs you well relize that the most anoying thing ever is imminent....DEFENDING IF A MONSTER IS DESTROYED BEFORE YA HIT IT!!!!!scores are on a scale of one to ten(10 bein the best)grafics:10sound:8control:7fun:9coolness:7a must have for fans of dragon warrior!
3	B00005OARM	Easily the best game for gameboy advance, the thing I loved about it is the cinimatic sequences, it could be a movie if the speechwasn't in text. The graphics are phanominal and so is the battle system. GET THIS GAME! and if you already have it BUY THE SEQUAL!
3	B00005OARM	There are 400+ reviews on this item, so I won't go too much into detail about this game.  The graphics are phenomenal for a handheld game.  Gameplay is great as is the story.  It's a bit difficult for the younger kids, but adults who grew up playing the original &quot;Final Fantasy&quot; series will LOVE this game.It has all the requisite spells, monsters, weapons, etc.  It also adds the ability to capture &quot;djinni&quot; (pronounced like &quot;genie&quot;), which allows you to &quot;summon,&quot; which is something those old-school role-playing games never had, but is ultra-cool.If you're an RPG fan, you MUST have this game.  It has got to be one of the best titles out there, regardless of platform.  If you're thinking that it can't have much substance, you're wrong--with over 40 hours of gameplay, it's a game even hardcore gamers will love.This game is the #1 reason why you should buy a GBA if you don't already have one.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is easily the best GBA RPG, having amazing graphics, great sounds, a solid story, and a challenging world.  The game is REDICULOUSLY long.  It makes you wonder how they fit a 30+ hour (no, I'm not kidding) game into an inch-long cartridge that doesn't even weigh 5 onces.The graphics are great, pushing the GBA to the limits.  At first sight, I thought I was playing a Playstation game.  Well, I wasn't, but the graphics are pretty close to the PS.  The graphics easily rival the graphics of Final Fantasy IX, comparing the fact that both games push thier systems to the limit.  I give the graphics 5 out of 5 stars.The SFX could use a little work, especially the water sounds.  The music, on the other hand, is terrific, showing the warmness of the towns, the calmness of the sea, the mystery of the lighthouses, and the terror of the dungeons.  The music alone could make you think you've beaten the game.  The SFX get a 4/5.The music gets a 5/5.The story is classic.  Someone steals something to try to bring evil to the land.  Very Zelda, and ultamatly, very Nintendo.  It has several fresh twists, such as actually trying to save a tree, rather than letting it die.  No, it's not a Deku tree, and yes, it can talk.  There are many Djinni that help you by releasing thier power to aid you.  Then you summon them!  Very Square Soft.  The main turning points, however, are kinda easy to foresee, and Garet's always trying to finish his quest and then claiming the idea of helping someone else was his gets kind of annoying.  The story gets a 4 1/2 out of 5 stars.Overall, it is a great game and should be in your GBA library.  Expect to see more Golden Sun titles soon, like in spring.  Don't expect to beat it in a week, because, unless you play it for hours on hours on end, you won't beat it for a month or two, and if you beat it in a week, you need more hobbies.  Even I can't beat it that fast, and I play it all the time.Pros: Long, great graphics and music, cool battle systemCons: SFX needs work, no description for anime symbols, too long
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun according to some has a familiar storyline to other &quot;boys save the world games&quot; But this awesome game is a portable gamers dream come to life. (Not to mention change many people's opinion on RPGs for life.) I for one was never really a fan of RPGs but all that changed after I joined the adventures of the Eath Adept Isaac and the rest of his Adept companions. I personally can't wait for the sequel to be released here.
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun for the GBA is an excellent role playing game (RPG).  It has everything that makes and RPG special.  There is a lush storyline and as always different characters, weapons, items, and summands all upgradeable as one progresses through the game.  The lump sum of the game is the one player experience, but the game does offer a two player battle mode that allows players to duke it out with the GBA link cable.  Two games will be required to take advantage of this function however.  The basic story line behind the game is that in a hidden away village named Vale, a group of people have been protecting an ancient temple from being disturbed.  As the game begins, the people of Vale realize that the seal has been broken on the temple which results in disaster sticking though out their town.  This is where the basic storyline begins as Isaac, the main character, and friends take off on a journey to find out what caused the disruption to the temple and what they can do to try and fix what has happened.  Along the way, Isaac meets new people and most importantly little creatures called Djinn.  These Djinn can be mixed and matched between the different characters in Isaac's party resulting in different abilities being learned.  For anyone looking for a wonderful RPG, not just on a handheld, but a wonderful RPG in general they will definitely want to pick this one up.  It is a must have for any RPG fan.
3	B00005OARM	For several months I was obsessed with this game. I logged over 40 hours of playing time and probably more like 60 counting the times I left the game w/o saving because I missed something, couldn't get passed a boss, or wanted to cheat my way at the slot machine at Tolbi Springs--and that was with the aid of a walkthrough. I can't imagine how long it would take to conquer this monster game w/o one; there are so many places to go, hidden things to uncover, and useful powers to master. Since Golden Sun was my first role-playing game, I needed all the help I could get.I loved this game! I was disappointed that there was no conclusion to the story here (that is on the sequel Golden Sun: The Lost Age), but then I realized that I would just need to play more GS, and the more is better when it comes to a game like this. It is very complicated and, at times, incredibly challenging but, with a detailed walkthrough, even a novice like me whose previous proudest video game moment was beating Pitfall II on my Atari 2600 can become a GS master (or mistress as it were). I love that you can save the game almost anytime save for during a battle. You can even save in the middle of a puzzle so you can get tricky parts out of the way and just focus on the next. I wish all games were like that.You start out as a kid named Isaac (you can customize the name; in fact, if you hit the select button a bunch of times at the start, you can name all the characters). Isaac lives with his mom in a town called Vale. Right away, there is danger lurking as the peaceful town will eventually be destroyed by a giant boulder. A kid named Felix will be swept away in a stream (he will be key to the sequel). You and buddy Garet meet two mysterious adepts, Saturos and Menardi, who are up to no good. They challenge you to a fight. Being just kids with no fighting psynergy, you have no chance. This defeat inspires you and Garet to build up your powers in the aftermath of the avalanche. There is a lot of dialog at the beginning which may make the game appear slow and boring but, be patient, the game will have you hooked before long.You will use the psynergy you acquire through the game in fighting and, especially, in completing certain tasks like lifting, moving, and carrying heavy objects, turning puddles into ice, and reading minds to help you in your adventure. You also have Djinn: cute little creatures who can fight for you or protect you in battle or, if placed on stand-by, can summon the planets to give you enormous powers. By the time you face Saturos and Menardi again at the end of the game, some 40 hours of logged playing time later, you will have no trouble leveling your revenge.The final boss isn't all that hard, even the Fusion Dragon they unleash. I defeated them twice, first try each time. The most difficult boss is Deadbeard who lives on a sunken ship at the bottom of the dungeon on Crossbone Island. It took me forever to beat this guy! The trick (and this trick can be used on other big bosses) is to alternate Djinn Flash (with Garet) and Ground (with Isaac) to limit the damage and fight only with Ivan using attack Djinn and summons while Mia is primarily used for healing. This strategy takes a long time--maybe 40 minutes--but it works!What I like the most about this game are all the neat places you see, various tasks you complete, and all that cool music you hear. There is a different tune for almost every place you visit. I would actually like a CD of all the different GS tunes. You do not have to complete GS to play Lost Age, but I highly recommend it as I recommend getting a thorough, detailed walkthrough. You will get the most out of the game and, before long, you will have mastered both! Good luck adept!
3	B00005OARM	At least until golden sun 2 comes out.  This game is absolutely flawless in every way.  This is even better than the 2D Final Fantasy games for the SNES, if you really need a comparison.  The graphics on this thing look as good, if not better than the graphics from Dragon Warrior 7, or Suikoden for the Playstation.  There is a very intriguing story line to this game, challeging battles, and 30+ hours of gameplay.  It lasts a long time, but the great background music, the smooth controls and storyline keep it enjoyable thoughout.  You are introduced into the game brilliantly and teaches you how to do things along the way.  Its bright, colorful, and while it doesnt break any new ground for 2D RPG's, or any brilliant new ideas, its still the best buy you are going to get for the GBA right now.  Forget the new Tekken or Sonic Advance games that just came out.  If you want a game that is going to be worth your money, you will unquestionably get this game.
3	B00005OARM	First of all, i would like to say this game is 5/5, best rpg ever created, and may be better then the final fantasy series. This game has GREAT graphics, great story/plot and characters. This game will take you on a adventure of a lifetime, of friendship and much more, i recommend this game to someone who is really looking for a greatest gaming experience and greatest game ever created. trust me, you WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!
3	B00005OARM	IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR GREAT GBA GAME OUT THERE THIS IS IT. GREAT STORYLINE AND THE GRAPHICS ARE PHENAMENAL. THE QUEST IS VERY LONG AND WILL HAVE YOU UP ON YOUR TOES. THIS IS TRUEL YTHE BEST GAME OUT THERE,
3	B00005OARM	This is a great RPG addition to the GBA! the graphics are stupendious, the score couldn't be better (though some of the SFX could), and the fighting system is like almost every other RPG, but hey? who says thats bad? the plot is basic RPG: bad guys steal something, you must get it back, they want to destroy the world,  you have to stop them. but, for all that repetivness, its a vivid game that will keep you playing for hours on end!!!
3	B00005OARM	Golden Sun is what I would call a good starting rpg for GBA. Okay, there might not be alot out there if at all by now, but Golden Sun should be one title to buy if you are an rpg fan. It has the standard complement of four characters in your party. Of course, you can customize your characters professions depending on the type of Psynergy you equip them with. You also find a whole slew of special items and weapons in the game that'll help you in your quest. Storywise, it's a pretty average tale. Young hero sets off to right wrongs. No big deal, but it's not a boring tale so it'll keep you entertained. Graphics-wise, it's one of the better looking games out there. The summons are done pretty well for an Advance game although like the FF games, I got tired of doing summons and opted for just the regular critical atacks. One word though is that the game won't seem complete as you only really finish half of your mission. Supposedly, there'll be a  second part soon. But don't let that stop you from buying this game as it easily takes about 20-30 hours to complete. A far cry from some on the newer, more &quot;good looking&quot; games that only last 4-8 hours at most. Buy it. You'll like it and really have time to enjoy it.
3	B00005OARM	This has got to be the must own game for this system.  Featuring glittering graphics never before matched on a handheld, a unique skill system called &quot;Psynergy,&quot; and an RPG-worthy storyline.  These elements are wrapped in an pleasant aural package.  The music is the BEST that any handheld has ever had.  Symphonic, sweeping sounds stream through headphones, adding emotion and grandeur to the already impressive interface.Psynergy allows the player to interact with the environment in action-RPG style, forcing you to alter things to progress in the game.  This offers a fresh twist to the traditional mold.  Golden Sun also features a fair amount of challenge, requiring a measure of strategy and attention to master the games tougher bosses.If you own a GBA, buy this.  If you don't own one, buy this anyway before it disappears from development and get a GBA as soon as possible.  Along with the GBA's already impressive library, this is a must own.
3	B00005OARM	Being a fan of RPG's, I highly recomend this game to the experience player.  Newbies may want to stay away from this for awhile until the master the standard RPG games, otherwise you'll get confused, frustrated and quit.  I found myself stuck in a few parts, until I back tracked, and even had a hard time trying to figure out the magic and Djinn combos.  Despite this game having your standard plot line, the game looks great and plays great.  I've only quit playing because my hands cramped up.  This is a must buy for all you GBA players and a taste of things to come for the sequel.  Happy playing.
3	B00005OARM	I personally think this game was ok while others may say it is the best game they ever played,but I prefer the Wild Arms series ,but they havent put it on Game Boy Advance yet ,though I am still waiting and hoping that there will be on it. I still gave this game a 5 because it kept me busy for a while
3	B00005OARM	The graphics on this game are simply great! The story is also very fun, and the controls are easy to figure out. Even though many say that this is right out of a book or magazine, I love the game. I fell in love with it when my brother's friend let me borrow it for a while, and it convinced me to buy it! This is a fun game, for people of all ages! It reminds me of Final Fantasy in a way, but it may be just me. Why only 4 stars if I like it so much? I only give things I am CRAZY about 5 stars. Anyway, I recommend you playing this game before you get it, simply because certain people may not like the style of the game. However, I loved it, so I suggest just playing it to test it out.Pros:1) Great sound and graphics2) Interesting storyline3) Fun to doCons:1) Hard to figure out at firstThis makes a great gift, and is a great addition to anyone's game collection!
3	B00005OARM	As I said in the caption, Golden Sun is the best game for the Gameboy Advance. I don't know why the ratings aren't high enough as the game deserves. For the people who own a Playstation2 and Final Fantasy X and played Mario RPG in the past, you will love it when you pick it up. The battle system is very fun, just like it was in Final Fantasy X and Mario RPG. The battle system is the same as those 2 games. Those two games are superb, and so is Golden Sun. The graphics are beautiful and colorful, and the animations during battle is amazing. The only part that turns this down, is that at certain parts, there is too much dialogue. After the huge boulder attacks the city, they start to fix the houses, they're is about 10 minutes of dialogue. It gets annoying, but everything else makes up for it. No excuses, this is the &quot;killer app&quot; we've been waiting for. Anyone who likes RPG's will love this the minute they start playing.
3	B00005OARM	Fun and mildly challenging, this game took me 4 days of intermittent playing to beat, but I was never bored. If you rush through the game is challenging, but the story isn't bad. Do not play it if you don't have Golden Sun: The Lost Age because it ends in a cliff hanger.
3	B00005OARM	This game is just amazing.  I can't imagine life without it.  I haven't beaten it yet, but the concepts are awesome.  There is just so much here.  I don't know if I can comment it all.We'll start with graphics.  They rock.  I have never seen this quality on a handheld.  These graphics are better than good ol' Super Nintendo.  I can't believe it.  The summons and magic graphics amaze me.  I first truly noticed this when I equipped the Elven Rapier, and it suddenly unleashed vorpal slash.  I had no idea what unleash meant, until it happened.  Awesome graphically.Next, sound.  I love the music and the fx.  They remind me of Final Fantasy VII.  That was easily the best RPG ever created, and the music in that game blew me away.  The sound for Golden Sun is having the same effect.Finally, gameplay.  Only one thing can do it justice: Flawless.Overall, this game is great.  Get it.  You won't regret it.
3	B00005OARM	Created by a little know developer called Camelot (they made some Mario Golf and Mario Tennis games, as well as Shining Force before they joined Nintendo), Golden Sun is one of the GBA's more exceptional games.Golden Sun has one major achievement it had for the GBA.  It pushed the limits of the system in terms of graphics.  While the visuals for wandering around seem rather easy for the system to create, the battles are a spectacular achievement.  Even though the characters and enemies are shown as animated sprites.  The sprites themselves are not much to write home about, but regardless they are quite convincing and suit the battle setup more than you might expect.  The battle screen is sort of a "quasi-3D" setup.  The background and sprites are 2D, but they are executed in such a manner that they look 3D.  Not only that, battle effects, such as spells and simple attacks, add wonderfully to the setup.  The only real problem I can see is that some spell effects slow down the framerates (how fast or smoothly it runs) noticably, but it's all handled so well that it doesn't even seem like a glitch, and out of sheer irony it adds to the effect of some of the spells (hence, it may have been done that way on purpose).The sound is a mixed bag.  The music score part is excellent.  Everything from the main menu music, to town themes, and the grand world map music is great both technically and melodically.  If any songs do get on your nerves, they either won't last long or are done in such a way that you can tune them out while playing.  Sound effects, however, are very standard.  A lot of them are recycled so much that it's practically mind numbing.  However, none of it seems completely out of place, and there isn't much that will hurt your ears, so that's something to be happy for.The gameplay itself only has one real flaw in my opinion.  The battles are too easy.  With the exception of most of the boss battles, regular battles tend to be so easy that the thought of using the run option will never occur to you (they also go so quick that there's not really a time issue involved either).  There's also an issue where, if you set all of your characters to attack one enemy and that enemy is destroyed, the characters that attack him later have their attack wasted.  This really isn't too much of an issue, though, and Camelot was smart enough to make the character automatically defend if that should happen (which means damage to that character would be halved... though I think that only refers to physical damage).The story has gotten a lot of bad press in my opinion.  However, it should be noted that if you play this game, the story alone may persuade you to buy the next game, GS: The Lost Age (which is already out).  While that's not particularly a bad thing, as the combination of the two stories is really awesome, just be aware of the extra expense that may cost for your wallet.  Also, it should be noted that this game is a bit on the short side (roughly 20-25 hours), but that's still not much of an issue in my view (just so you know, the second game in the series is roughly 40-45 hours long, so that one is lengthier).All in all, the game is quite fun.  However, there are a few quirks that I mentioned above that may get on some people's nerves, so just know what you're getting into.
3	B00005OARM	This Game is the best GBA game i have ever played it is very addicting and will sometimes make you feel kinda stupid but it is a very fun game. if anyone has ever played parallel Universe on the internet GS is alot like that but u can see what u r doing. lIke i said if u haven't played GS u should
3	B00005OARM	I have heard so much good thing about this little gem even before I bought my GBA.  Naturally, this game became my first game to be played.Let's break down this game without spoiling it.Graphic:  Thumbs up, way up!!  I have yet to see any better looking RPG made for GBA.  It has charming 2D graphic combined with jaw dropping 32bit effect.  The result is very colorful and graceful scenery inside out.Story:  Nothing new here.  It certainly isn't bad, but lacks any twist or kick.  That makes it rather blend story for experienced player.Sound:  If you liked the sound of Star Ocean: The Second Story, you will like this equally.  After all, it is done by same composer.  Did I mention that he also participated in Valkyrie Profile, as well as Star Ocean 3, and sequel of Golden Sun.Overall:  Definately one of better RPG to play.  If you want to start RPG but without traveling back to past, this is the game.  I hope the sequel improves the story.
3	B00005OARM	While there have been a lot of ports of some fantastic SNES RPGs on the Advance system, there hasn't been any original titles to take advantage of the Advance's powerful specs.  Enter Golden Sun, which has graphics that probably couldn't have been done on a Super Nintendo and a storyline that gives Breath of Fire a punch in the stomach.  Nothing will come close to this game till Final Fantasy Tactics.
3	B00005OARM	If you're looking for a top-line, classic RPG adventure for the GBA, this is it. Golden Sun does a fine job of demonstrating the impressive new capabilities of the 32-bit system, and is a great deal of fun.In terms of gameplay, the game is very similar to the SNES classics Final Fantasy II and III. You have a party of up to four characters and combat is turn based. The fighting is fully animated, and the spells are quite impressive- making full use of the nifty new particle and 3-D effects of the console. There are also a good deal of puzzles to solve- mainly by pushing switches, casting spells on inanimate objects, and jumping over pits. A well-drawn world map and backgrounds make the game quite aesthetically appealing, and there are all sorts of new things to see and new, more powerful weapons to acquire.One unique element in Golden Sun is the use of Djinni, which you assign to your characters. Depending on how many and what sort you give them, your characters will gain new spells and attributes. You can also summon them after the fashion of Espers in FF III or Guardian Forces in FF VIII, but in addition to doing some sort of beneficial effect (say, raising everyone's defense), depending on how many and what sort you use, you are able to summon a powerful one-time attack on enemies. It's a tradeoff, though, since summoning will remove whatever benefits the particular Djinn gave to the character. This gives you two distinct possible strategies for difficult battles- trying to summon them to death, or just fighting it out with your bonuses and magic intact.Most of the puzzles are related to finding new Djinni. You can avoid them and just continue with the main quest, but this will net you fewer Djinni and therefore reduced powers. There are also sidequests that will give you powerful items or weapons, but also aren't necessary to completing the game. Although some of the puzzles are pretty tough, they're not impossible, and none of the ones related to the main quest are that difficult.The level design is well thought out and the mechanics of the game function very well. As I have hinted at earlier, the graphics are very impressive- better than anything on the SNES. The soundtrack is also very well done, although not quite as good as Nobuo Uematsu's FF scores.About the only complaint I have about Golden Sun is that it was too short. Even if you finish up all the subquests, the game is only about 30 hours long- more or less depending on how familiar you are with similar RPGs. This is, of course, because there is a sequel planned. I can't say the game was much of a challenge either, but that's probably because some of the other similar RPGs I've played are pretty tough. Nevertheless, Golden Sun was a great deal of fun, and well worth the cost. I am looking forward to the sequel.
3	B00005OBQB	Woohah! I just finished "Doom 2" again on my PC about 3 or 4 days back, and I've gotta say that I absolutely loved it!The storyline is a simple as possible, probably designed to keep you, the player, focused on the game as a whole rather than being distracted by the story itself. In a nutshell, Hell has broken loose on Earth and the demons have taken the population of Earth hostage. You are a Marine who has managed to survive the invasion of Earth, and now it falls upon you to beat back the Demon Hordes, free Earth's population and destroy the mastermind behind the sinster attack - even if it means going into the heart of Hell to do so. It's so terribly simplistic that it's poetic - it's the original storyline that sparked off all FPS Games after it. Today storyline would get 6.5/10, but in 1994, it would've gotten 9.5/10.Graphics wise, "Doom 2" is not spectacular, but unlike "Doom 1," you are able to adjust the screen resolution to create smoother looking enemies and environments. Levels are cleverly designed however and there's alot of space to shoot enemies with weapons like the Rocket Launcher. The enemies and characters are all 2-Dimensional, but there's quite a significant amount of detail that has been put into each and every character and Demon. By today's standards, the detail is purile. But back then, it would've been revolutionary! I dunno, for me the Graphics don't detract from the game itself. I would give the Graphics 6/10 for today and 10/10 if it were 1994.Sound is alot better in "Doom 2" than in "Doom 1." "Doom 1" had terribly lame sounds for enemies, and I couldn't help but laugh when I shot a Zombieman! I mean, when the guys die, they go "HOOYA!" I mean, come on, that's hilarious! "Doom 2" has much scarier sounds, but some weapons (like the Arachnotron's Plasma Cannons) sound dreadfully silly! Music is ok at best, sounds like something a 15 year old put together while it was Karaoke night at his families place! I'll give sound 7/10 to be fair and music 5/10.Gameplay - this is where "Doom 2" doesn't fail. It's an absolute blast-fest...you run, jump, shoot tonnes of rounds off at Hordes of angry enemies. Unlike "Doom 1," you can also look up and down to shoot enemies above or below you. This greatly adds to the enjoyment of the game as the y and z-axes are now considered, rather than just the x-axis. Battles are frantic on the harder skill levels and I often found myself punching and chainsawing enemies into red oozing piles of their former selves. It's always nice to go on a melee assault! Ah, the good ol' days! There are plenty of cool weapons, including a chainsaw, pistol, shotgun and super-shotgun, chaingun, missile launcher, plasma gun and of course, the almighty BFG 9000, The Holy Grail of every gun that has ever been created in FPS Shooters. It's so nice to shoot the original BFG and watch your enemies turn to microwaved pig-slop! What can I say, extreme firepower, frenetic action - can't fault gameplay even today! 10/10, don't argue!Difficulty is fair. Not quite as hard as I was originally expecting, There were some situations that required some prior planning and even constant replaying, but "Doom 2" is by no means impossible, even on the "Ultra-violence" setting. "Nightmare" can be itensely challenging at times, but I've only finished the game on "Ultra-violence." I don't have the energy to take on "Nightmare!" Difficulty gets 7/10 for "Ultra-violence" and 8.5/10 for "Nightmare!" The other skills are not challenging enough in my opinion.I enjoy the range of enemies - you get Zombiemen, Sargeants, Chaingunners, Imps, Hell Knights, Barons of Hell, Cacodemons, Arachnotrons, Spider Demons, Cyber Demons, Pain Elementals, Lost Souls, Demons, Arch Viles, Revenants, Mancubus' and Spectres. Not bad for a '94 game huh? Enemies get 9/10 from my side - lots to kill = lots of fun!You get plenty of power-ups and tonnes of secrets to look for. There are more enemies than humanly imaginable to kill and enough weapons to take down - well, Hell itself I guess! What more do you really need? Crack open a brewski and let the Demon slaughter begin!In short, "Doom 2" gets 83 % by today's standards. The fun factor and length of the game is enough to get it an A-Aggregate! This is a classic FPS Shooter that you have to have finished! I just got the game from a friend and copied it to my Hard Drive. It takes up minimal space and is great for impressing your friends or a rainy day! Play "Doom 2" now, and you will know pain and pleasure in their purest forms...
3	B00005OBQB	This game is truly a classic. Improvements over the last edition, especially in graphics, make this game even better! It us a lot of fun to play, and the gameplay is quite solid. This is a solid buy.
3	B00005OBQB	I had the old Dos installs on this game and it played great under Win95 and Win98 without a problem. I brought this version for Windows 95 and installed it and the game itself runs fine, but having to go through a "preload" screen each time you play is a real drag!! The only reason I can see for a menu outside of the game's menu is to keep people from having to enter command line parameters when starting the game at the command line. When you get into the game, it plays just like the Dos version did. You save and load games, change volume settings, etc. just like in the Dos version. It's just a bit much to have to go through two sets of menus to start the game. (Oh, and by the way, adding a screen resolution item that doesn't change much doesn't help!)
3	B00005OBQB	The original Doom was such and incredible first person shooter they had to make a totally new 32 level Doom with lots more monsters, such as the Chain Gunner, the Pain Elemental, the Arch Vile and others, but still the same old weapons and graphics. My second point is the fact that they are still selling Doom 2, they are no longer selling the original Doom except for in a bundle. So since 1995 and the game is still around and selling strong, must mean something! So what is Doom 2? In Doom 2 you are a soldier just coming off of a mission in space (Doom 1), so you must return to planet Earth only to discover it has been taken over and then from there go into the heart of it all, Hades and destroy the monster behind it all. The levels are incredibly detailed with 100s of new wall textures, where you actually believe you are in a city slum overrun by monsters, and you go to the lair of the monsters to destroy the big bad bosses. With that being said, why are people still playing it? Because Doom 2 is the surface beneath it all is a whole community that supports Doom 2 by creating new levels, some easy and simple, others 64 levels of pure pain continuing the saga or starting a new saga, with new enemies, new wall textures and fun. There are even expansion packs sold with 1000s of new levels to keep you playing forever beyond the original Doom 2!
3	B00005OBQB	This game was once the best one could find in the computer world. Those days have passed, but this game makes a low cost find for those searching for a way to pass the time on lower end computers.
3	B00005OBQB	It's probably ridiculous to bother reviewing DOOM 2. The game is slightly older than dirt, and compared to the FP shooters of today looks like a biplane sitting next to an F-15. But if such games have a lineage, it began back in the early-mid 1990s with the DOOM series, and the fact that this thing is still fun to play makes it worthy of a few words even if they do come 15 years too late.The original DOOM I spent my college years playing instead of going to class had only one heavy-duty flaw: the assortment of monsters you peered at over the smoking barrels of your chaingun was on the limited side. That flaw was addressed with the sequel, which added numerous uglies to the mix, each more ill-tempered and heavily-armed than the last.In case you've been living in a cave, DOOM's storyline operated under the premise that some dumb*ss scientists, mucking about on Mars' moon, opened a portal to hell which left their entire, rather vast complex of buildings crawling with bloodthirsty baddies. The sole survivor - you - has to fight his way out using any and all weapons available, from a chainsaw to a rocket launcher. DOOM 2 picks up where the previous left off, with the exception that hell has come to Earth and needs a good butt-kicking, the kind only you and your trusty shotgun can supply.DOOM 2 featured several upgrades on the original. First was the afformentioned addition of various demons to the enemy roster, including the Revenant, a half-skelleton, half-cyborg monster assembled from the body parts of dead demons and human soldiers, firing you-seeking missles when it isn't using its fists; the Manucbus, a disgusting tub of guts with flame throwers instead of hands, the Arch-Vile, a boss-demon than can ressurect the dead and cast Hiroshima-like spells, and the Commando Sergeant, an ugly customer packing a chaingun. In addition, the Spider Mastermind from the original DOOM has apparently littered several dozens of Arachnotrons, which pack rapid-fire plasma cannons and are extremely grouchy. Secondly, a handy new weapon was added to your arsenal - a double-barreled, sawed-off shotgun which annihilates just about anything stupid enough to snuggle up to you. Third, the boards are much more entertaining, especially those set in earth cities, which give you the opportunity to do some real Stalingrad-type street fighting, not to mention the pleasure of blasting an Imp off a 20-story building. Of course, all of the DOOM series' flaws are still here too - the inability to jump, the lack of a reliable auto-aiming feature, and serious glitches with the map software. But really, who cares? The point is that DOOM 2, while almost entirely plotless (unless "get keys, kill everything in your path, repeat" counts as a plot) was terrific fun when it came out, 1,000 years ago, and it's still fun now. Furthermore, it's so low-tech you can sneak it to work and play it directly off the disk drive of your office PC without having to install it, thus avoiding detection from your company's IT nerd-police, and spend the day mowing down Imps without mercy when you should be plugging numbers into that Excel spreadsheet. Who could ask for more?
3	B00005OBQB	My grandson loves this game, he is able to make maps of his own and he is loving it.  I have played also, and it is a fun shooter game.
3	B00005OBQB	This is my all-time favorite DOOM title. In fact, this was actually the first DOOM game I played in the series. After playing DOOM2, I wasn't too excited about the first DOOM. This game is truly legend and is still fun as hell even after all these years. 32 levels of blowing stuff up.Buy this game before it becomes a rarity. Or just buy this game just 'cause I said so. You won't regret it.
3	B00005OBQB	I am going to review both doom 1 and 2 in this review.y?because I want to.doom is the best silliest, gameplay game of all time and doom2 has great missions!just buy it. I reccomend it.:)
3	B00005OBQC	I FIANLLY managed to find a demo site that wasn't going to take 9-odd hours to download a demo (even though I have a cable modem)The game looks very good. Raven did a good job of tweeking the slightly older Quake II engine so that the graphics are still amazing. The weapons and sound effects thereof are quite good. The enemy AI is very nicely modeled, too. You can't just run up and blast someone- they will hear you.The all to famous gore is just as advertised. I've seen other games that I thought were pretty neat, and SoF put them to shame.I plan on buying the Platinum Edition of this game as soon as I can afford it. (Which will be about another week and a half.)I will update my review with a new star rating (if needed) just as soon as I get my copy.
3	B00005OBQC	I wanted Soldier of Fortune long before it was released, but unfortunately I did not have a computer that could handle the game at the time.  Once I upgraded to a PC that was ready to rock and roll, I rushed out to buy Soldier of Fortune Platinum edition.  Killing virtual people with all manner of destructive instruments is fun, but the ability to shoot people in specific areas of the body and have them react in realistic ways to such hits was a dream come true for this gamer.  Those people who go into conniptions over &quot;violence in video games&quot; just don't get it; they seem to think violence didn't exist in the world before video games were invented.  Worst of all, they want to control our minds, allow us to see and think about things that they in all their infinite wisdom consider &quot;safe.&quot;  Our fragile little minds will just melt if we see a little blood on our screens, according to these censorious do-goodies.  The purchase of Soldier of Fortune is not just the purchase of a great first-person shooter; it is an assertion of your right to make your own decisions about things in life.Shoot a guy in the foot, and watch him dance around on one-leg; take out a leg, and watch him squirm on the floor; deliver a slug in the gut and listen to your victim moan in pain and even beg for mercy; if you're really serious about this thing, go for the head shot and watch it explode like a watermelon.  That's the main attraction of SOF.  I can perfectly understand why some parents would not want to let their youngsters see such gratuitous yet oh so cool violence, and there is a parental control lock that will take the realism out of the game.Soldier of Fortune is much more than an excuse to revel in gratuitous violence.  The game play is excellent, rivaling that of the Quake series and Half-Life.  The fact that you must complete specific missions makes it much more cerebral than many a first-person shooter, yet the game is not so difficult that you find yourself getting hopelessly stuck every five minutes.  Sure, there could be more variety among enemy actions, and strategy sometimes equates to little more than just blasting away willy-nilly at the bad guys, but Soldier of Fortune really has everything I want in a first-person shooter.  The addition of &quot;friendlies&quot; adds a further little challenge to the game; as much fun as it is to blow away innocent, unarmed civilians, too many collateral damage deaths can make your mission a failure.  Your weapons and equipment are the types of things a real soldier of fortune would carry, not some crazy science fiction gizmos.  Your missions, while fictitious, are taken out of the pages of current world history, giving you the chance to take out vicious terrorists who represent a clear and present danger to basically the whole world.  This is as close to becoming a hero as I will ever get (even though being a soldier of fortune is as much about making money as it is about taking out the world's bad guys).The Platinum Edition includes all of the extra multiplayer features of the Gold Edition along with five brand new multiplayer maps, a video preview of SOF2, and the complete online version of the official Strategy Guide from Brady Games.  The game has a little age on it now, but it's still a heck of a lot of fun to play.  I would only ask that you make your own decision to play this very realistic game or, if you are a parent, you make the decision as to whether or not your child or teenager should take on these violent missions; don't let &quot;them&quot; tell you what you and yours can handle.
3	B00005OBQC	Gamers, are you tired of games which cost $50, take up 4 gigs on your hard drive and slow down to a slide show even on top end systems? Are you tired of games which take an hour of wandering around and talking to other charactes before the shooting starts? Do you want to have some FUN... bloody, loud, explosive shooter fun, like the kind we had the late 90s with Quake and Doom? Are you tired of stealth and puzzle solving? Well look no further! This game, released in 2000, is a blast, literally. This game is simple,  violent and fun. You are John Mullins, a freelance soldier who is given the dirty job of finding 4 nukes stolen from a Siberian base by terrorists. OK that's pretty standard stuff. But SOF delivers action and atmosphere in spades. Right away, you are thrown into a gang war in the NYC subway. I live in NY and the trains aren't so realistic, but this is a game, so what. It's the action which counts. SOF distinguishes itself by the extreme level of violence... shot enemies react depending on where they've been hit. Pop him in the foot, and he'll dance around in paid; hit the head and it explodes like a watermelon. The gameplay is not too cerebral... find the enemies (they're not hard to find) and kill them. You'll have from time to time help from other characters, but most of the time you're on your own. So get you kill on with SOF Platinum... you won't regret it!!!
3	B00005OBQC	The word-of-mouth factor for this game was off the charts when it was released due to the supposedly incredible level of violence displayed throughout the game.  Is it violent?  Yeah, but that sort of gimmickry really only works on the teenagers and Washington DC lobbyists.  The excessive gore gets old quicker than you'll anticipate, but thankfully you'll still be left with an above-average first-person-shooter.The developers called it GHOUL, translated it means the baddies react to wherever they get shot, sometimes hopping on one foot, sometimes covering their nether-regions, or simply revealing some blown-out intestines.  It's interesting about the first dozen times, but afterwards it's just more same-old same-old.  This GHOUL system isn't defined enough to really provide a wealth of anatomically correct reactions, only about 7 or 8.The gameplay itself is based on the now-classic Quake II engine, and while not providing the depth of Rainbow Six, or the intricate plot of Half-Life, it still manages to give the single-player gamer a compelling ride.  The story is fairly thin, almost non-existant, and the gameplay is linear to the point where any deep thought is rarely called for.  Just kill everyone you see, except the occasional civilian, who you most certainly will kill anyway because the targeting cursor is so small that distinguishing green from red is practically impossible in the heat of battle.The "Platinum Edition" is nothing more than the Gold Edition with 5 extra multiplayer levels, a preview of SOF2, and the Brady Games strategy guide which is provided on disc, not in book form.  So in short, it is worth it and stands on its own as a derivative, straightforward, yet fun FPS.  Just don't count on the carnage providing any long-term satisfaction.
3	B00005OBQC	As I was installing Soldier of Fortune Platinum, a prompt asked me if I wanted to put some limits on the level of blood and gore in the game.&quot;Nah,&quot; I said. &quot;How bad could it be anyway?&quot;Boy was I in for a surprise! I've been shooting things in games ever since I was 5, and I'd have to say that Soldier of Fortune would be #1 in blood and gore so far.Shoot any enemy in any place and they react in the proper way.A shot in the foot will result in bad guy grabbing his leg (or lack thereof). My favorite thing to do when I'm in an evil mood is to unload a whole clip of SMG bullets into a bad guy's chest and watch him do that crazy dance of his.The game does have limits, but only in story and level design. But when you're in the mood to just walk in and blast away a few hundred bad guys, simple story and linear levels can be a good thing. Just don't let little kids play SoF or even watch you play it without the parental controls on.
3	B00005OLW8	this game is incredible!!!i love it, with the deuling and by the way, if you watch the show youll probly do better because you know how to duel and really believe in this awesome thing they call Yu-Gi-Oh!.much like pokemon, but it has 1 thing that pokemon doesn't-fun while at the same time you use your mind and beleive in what youre doing. i would play the card game also but people think its dorky and it'll ruin your reputation-but dont get me wrong, you can play the game boy game without worrying about your popularity. i just cant explain how fun it is combining magic cards with monsters, its like it was a game ACTUALLY made for the fearows of Ancient Egypt. GET IT, SERIOUSLY IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER! BETTER THAN POKEMON, and you know how fun that was when it came out!
3	B00005OLW8	I've played Magic the Gathering on and off for years. The video versions have always been terrible. Yu-Gi-Oh Dark Duel Stories is nothing like those. It's fun, it's addictive and you'll waste a good portion of any given day playing it! It's not just that it's a well-paced game, it's that it's also an intuitive game. I had no idea how to play it when I bought the game, the instruction manual is spotty at best (I'll be purchasing the strategy guide when it comes out) but after 4 or 5 rounds I had a handle on the play mechanics and the meager instructions that were included started to make sense. I'm anxious to link up and play against a human but for now there's no shortage of challenging computer opponents to play against. Also worth mentioning is the amazing card library that's included (more than 700 individual cards)plus the card construction area that allows you to customize up to 10,000 cards!Now the downside: The graphics are fairly simplistic and in some cases downright rough, there's not a lot of animation and the music is pretty annoying, and not one of those things takes away for a minute from the great gameplay. If you can find it, buy it, you won't be disappointed.
3	B00005OLW8	This game is a very great game! The graphics are amazing for game boy color! The game will keep you busy for a long time. All I do every day is come home from school, have a snack, and play the game! It is that much fun! Sometimes I do not have dinner!!! What you do in this game is duel people. That is what makes it fun! Some people you fight are:TristanJoey WheelerYugi MohtoMai ValentineMakoEsp RobaRexWeevilSeekerPandoraKaibaParadoxP. SetoIshizuSlysheenand more!!! You have to beat sech duelist 5 times or more!!! For people who don't know what Yu-GI-Oh! is, it is a TV show where people duel and the main character is Yugi. It is sort of like Magic The Gathering in my opinion. If you are a Yu-Gi-Oh! fan, you must buy this game.
3	B00005OLW8	I specialize in card games and this is one of the best.  It doesn't have much of a plot, just the card game, but I don't consider that to be a drawback.  It's very valuable for fans of the show because it makes it much easier to understand what's going on.  There are a few different rules than in the show however.  The higher powered cards can only be played by &quot;sacrificing&quot; other cards currently in play, so you seldom run into the more popular cards like the Dark Magician or the Blue-Eyes, but it adds a new layer of strategy that I like.  You get to play everyone from Tristan and little Yugi to Yami Yugi himself (he cheats though).  It also has a feature where you can design your own cards and trade them with friends. It automatically saves whenever you do anything so you don't have to think about saving it ever.  Get this game if you can find it, it's rare and I'm not giving up my copy.
3	B00005OLW8	This game is awesome! In your quest to get to the final level and the keeper of the magical items you must pass through many levels dueling your favorite T.V. characters in Yu-Gi-Oh. Some of them include Triston, Joey, Kaiba, and even Yu-Gi-Oh and Yami Yu-Gi-Oh!Also, now, instead of lugging your cards everywhere, you can now just turn your gameboy on and play to your hearts content! A Yu-Gi-Oh's fans MUST!
3	B00005OLW8	Origionally when i purchased this game, i was expecting to quickly pick up, and learn how to master the game. i was wrong... this game require well thought out strategy, and is not easy to quickly create a good deck. once I read the manuel on how to play the ACTUAL card game, i realized theat this has the weirdest, and most obsurd rules compared to the real game. In Dark duel stories, there are hardley any trap or magic cards, a Kuriboh (weakest monster in the game) is capable to beat the blue eyes white dragon(strongest monster in the game), because of a new rule the threw into this game alone. you cant use special abilities of cards, you cant use ritual cards, you can somehow fuse cards together without polymerization, and many other flaws. If you are a new yu gi oh player, do not waist your money on this version, get Eternal duelest sould for game boy advance. if oyu have played it before, do not unlearn strategy by geting this game.
3	B00005OLW8	I bought this game for my son,Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories. He said it was fun and he liked it. So on his behalf I'll give it a 5 star rating.
3	B00005OLWB	First off, I must give a disclaimer; I love the Dragon Warrior games. I love pretty much ALL (good) RPG's, and Dragon Warrior has never disappointed. That being said, I think that Dragon Warrior 7 might be the best of the bunch...Yeah, yeah, I know. Final Fantasy continues to have groundbreaking deliveries, with breathtaking graphics and symphonic sound. However, strip away the pretenses, and what you have is so-so role-playing action. However, Dragon Warrior 7 delivers on all of the aspects necessary for a good role playing adventure...First off, the game is long. In fact, over 100 hours, to be exact! Also, there is very little in the way of cinematics, and so the gamer is actually PLAYING the entire time (unlike the aforementioned Final Fantasy games). Characters have the freedom to train in over 50 classes (although many of the classes are difficult to obtain), obtaining many new skills and spells. The world of DW7 is huge as well, and also includes forays into the past (in order to unravel mysteries which I will not speak of here). There are a few fun pastimes; for example, you can try to build your own town, or monster park, or you can play a few hands of poker in the casino. The enemies at times are downright difficult, forcing you to use strategy in a few of the battles. There are some twists, and although a former reviewer said the twists were trite, I nonetheless enjoyed the fact that it brought more gameplay. I cannot say enough about this game, but if you like true RPG action, and are sick of games that have you watching movies, I would strongly recommend purchasin this game. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
3	B00005OLWB	...the graphics are not up to par with other Playstation RPGs. In fact, this game would have been more at home on the SNES. But as anyone over 20 will remember, good RPGs are not based solely on FMV-enhanced graphics.The story is similar to that of Chrono Trigger, involving young warriors who travel through time to improve the future. But it is not as simple as that, there are many pitfalls along the way. Tough monsters, evil bosses, and mind-bending puzzles mean that this game will keep you busy for 60 hours MINIMUM, assuming you ignore detours in your quests. For players who liked "Vandal Hearts", this game is similar in it's graphics and gameplay.The Dragon Warrior series is the only one that even comes close to rivalling Final Fantasy, not only in the volume of games, but the quality of them. Players who are less concerned with fancy graphics and more concerned with story, characters, and challenge, this game is a must. But gamers who are concerned with the opposite might not be able to get beyond the poor graphics. The choice is yours.
3	B00005OLWB	First of all, i would like to mention piece of my mind on graphic.  Lot of people complain that the graphic looks really outdated.  Personally, i didn't think it was outdated at all.  You see, certain games have to accommodate particular graphic in order to really convey the atmosphere and theme of the game.  Could you imagine Parappa the Rappa with 3D, realistic graphic?  Just go to top of the castle, and roate your screen, dang, it's beautiful!!  How many games let you rotate your screen and yet so smoothly?  It took long time to make this game and i'm sure that staff at Enix thoughtout everything thoroughly.Alrite.. I have to, first of all, let you know that this game isn't for everyone.  I've played the series from NES day, Dragon Warrior 1 through 4, and replayed them again on GameBoy.  Personally I love Dragon Warrior series more than I love Final Fantasy series.  When you play the game for few hours, you will realize that it's not really easy to earn your money and experience point like other RPGs.  What this means that you will have to not only fight diligently but also spend your money wisely.  It's not like other RPG where you have so much money, you have no problem with equiping everyone with latest weapon and armor once you get to next town.  However, in Dragon Warrior 7, you will have to work your way up to buy one weapon or armor for one character.  Now..you might think that's so stupid, spending, or rather wasting your time on these meaningless thing, when you have world before you to save..  Wrong.  You see, when i heard about RPG for very first time, I thought it was so stupid.  Come'on, give me a break, no action whatsoever??  You just command character to attack or use magic, and that's it??  And your health point just got reduced by 8 points?? But once you get a taste of RPG, it becomes very addictive, isn't it?  Same thing with earning money/exp. point, and buying that one weapon, that one armor which you will see with your own eyes during battles that actually equiping that very weapon, that very armor really works, inflicting more damage, reducing damage points from enemies.  Like I mentioned in Dragon Warrior III review, Dragon Warrior VII doesn't flood the world with countless weapon and armor.  There are just several of them, and really good ones, which you will have to search and find with good effort.  You will appreciate each weapon and armor, knowing that they are not something to be done without even thinking about it in other RPGs, but it sort of becomes more personal, knowing you are battling to save money to buy that particular weapon/armor.Music.. you know, personally, I love Dragon Warrior music much more than Final Fantasy music score.  It seems like Final Fantasy does pull out excellent ones once in awhile, however, the composer (what was his name,,Koichi??) really knows how to compose good music score.  His music, if you listen to them from Dragon Warrior 1, is very simple, yet it really does pierce into you very deeply.  It's sort of easier to compose something with lot of sound effect/channel, but it is REALLY difficult to make a masterpiece with let's say only piano sound.  The most famous music score for Final Fantasy is probably the very first song of opening movie, starting in C major, A minor, F major, G major then back to C again.  Koichi is the master of composing excellent music score from very simple mean and sound.  His music is very simple yet, really delivers the various situation.  I still think the very first music from Dragon Warrior, the music which comes out when you are on over world field as the BEST music ever.  And i'm glad Enix decided to bring some old sound effect, like going up and down stair, sound of reaching next level, etc.One thing I didnt' like about Dragon Warrior 7 is that time to time, you don't know where to go, or get stuck because you don't have the stone shard to proceed to next story.  What it means is that you will have to search everywhere, explore same place in present and in past as well in order to proceed.  But that's really minor thing.Overall, if you are too fond of Final Fantasy's graphic, and deep storyline, and haven't played previous Dragon Warrior series from NES time, then I'm not sure if you will like it or not.  But one thing for sure, when it comes to the DELICATE BALANCE OF GAME PLAY, nothing can even come close, really.Enjoy your Dragon Warrior, the Best Selling Japanese PlayStation game console Title of All Time!  What about Mighty Final Fantasy?DRAGON WARRIOR VII IS THE BEST SELLING JAPANESE PLAYSTATION GAME CONSOLE TITLE OF ALL TIME, PERIOD.
3	B00005OLWB	I have before criticized Dragon Warrior VII for what I thought was monotonous gameplay, but had found that what I was required to do was optional, and that progressing through the game is actually reasonable in difficulty, and it does have the medieval environment, and turn-based system one would ask for, and there are many classes to choose from. The characters have their own unique personalities and make their own decisions throughout the course of the game, which is rare in a lot of RPGs. I can appreciate the monotony of the turn-based battles as a break from always having to have quick reflexes in their action-RPG counterparts. There are also a large variety of spells that your character can learn, especially if you change the character's class to cleric and other such classes. You can also have a more powerful warrior if he is under the "warrior" or "fighter" class. There is no other RPG that replicates the medieval beauty such as this one that I have found; I can only find those kinds of RPGs on the SNES or NES. I apologize for the original negative review as the game did not deserve that kind of press from momentary frustration. Enjoy!
3	B00005OLWB	This game is awesome. It seems to go on forever. I'm 240+ hours into it, and haven't gotten to the 2nd disc yet. There is so much to do it can easily eat up time. This game is one of the best that I have played in a long while. I highly recommend it if you like (or love) R.P.G.s. It is one of the best!
3	B00005OLWB	This game is an old school RPG fans best friend. This games graphics are not that good, but the story line is great. You travel through time with shards saving different islands so that they appear on your land during your time period. Plus there is an awesome class system with tons of skills to learn and tons of class positions. This is an Old school RPG by far, but those in my opinion are the best. I like newer RPGs, but now they are getting to crazy with all thier GFs and stuff like that and all thier technology and stuff. My favorite RPG of all time is Final Fantasy 2. That was in 1992 so thats old school style. What the graphics miss the game makes up for it with other things. Its really a great game that continues one of the best RPG series. If you are an RPG fan new or old you'll like this I promise you.
3	B00005OLWB	Gameplay-(10/10)  This is what matters the most, and this is what Dragon Warrior VII does best! The game is anywhere from 80 hours in length to 200...depending on what you do. One of the things that will be done is the Job system, it's a system so your characters can learn new abilitys by selecting a class and fighting in battles to learn the abilities from that class. One other great thing is that this game is actually challenging unlike most RPG's out there today...it's not so hard that you'll want to quit but its not too easy either. This thing is full of sidequests too, you can play at a casino, try collecting all the gold medals, collect the worlds monsters and put them in a monster park plus make your own encyclopedia of all the monsters you encounter, or you can also even create your own town...if that's not enough sidequest fun then I don't know what is! The only downside in this part of the game is the character development, the problem is that there really isn't any...I don't think it detracts from the game too much but it would have been nice to get to know the characters better.Story-(10/10) The story is exellent! You're a boy who lives in Fishbel, a small village on the only Island in the world. You're supposed to become your dad's fishing partner, but one day you and your good friend Keifer stumble onto an amazing discovery that sends you on a huge adventure discovering new lands.Graphics-(5/10) The world's surroundings(villages, castles, ect.) are in full 3D, but aren't anything spectacular, and it uses sprite characters that would look bad even on the SNES. This is the least important part of the game, I will warn you though. If you HAVE to have a game with great graphics to be able to play it...then pass on this one.Sound-(7/10) The sound is good...that's all I can say. It's nothing great like the Final Fantasy's but its also not bad either. They do re-use some of the music throughout the game, but there's nothing wrong with that. The sound effects on the other hand sound like they were ripped right from a SNES game...but still it in NO WAY takes away from this great game.Replayability- You'll play through this one once, and maybe a year or two later you'll play through again...it all depends on how much you love the game.To buy or rent?- This one is DEFINITLY a must buy for any RPG fan! If your one of those people who rent games and try to beat them you probably wont get very far...however if you still are in doubt whether you would like this game or not then rent it.
3	B00005OLWB	Yikes.. Myself being no newbie to the RPG scene, I felt confident (from previews) that this game would be a long time addition to my collection. Wow. I mean, I really really REALLY tried to get into this game. Infact, I logged more than 50 hours in the Dragonwarrior 7 world. I think the biggest problem was the linear storyline. It was just too much of a chore. The story in a nutshell is the world has been split in about 30 sections, you then must revive each section in the past so you can save it in the present. Hmmmm.. Well alright. I first marveled at this use of time travel, but as time went on, it was a huge pain. It just wasnt enjoyable as I first thought. It made the game incredibly linear. And because of all the storylines (each land had a different one) you lose the intimacy with the characters. Besides the storyline, the battle engine I thought was the second thing that needed the most improvement. Yes, I know its like everyother traditional dragonwarrior/dragonquest game. But come on.. battles shouldnt have to be a chore ALL the time. Overall, I knew I was going to have to put up with the less than favorable dragonwarrior menu interface but I was hoping they would make up for it in the storyline. I dunno, I was just expecting more from this company. To the same people that gave us amazing titles Terranigma and Robotrek for the SNES.. GET IT TOGETHER!!
3	B00005OLWB	This game is in my top ten. Dragon Warrior has changed its name to Dragon Quest but the games live on.It is a rpg type game for teens and up. The story is outstanding; funny and charming, you actually care about the characters. You spend a lot of time traveling to the past to fix things in the present. Graphics are nicely done with some CG effects on occasion. The best part, to me is that the game is a level grinding 80 hours plus! This game will keep you busy for weeks to come! Fighting is the typical turned based style. The enemies are gorgeously done as well.
3	B00005OLWB	Dragon Warrior 7 is a very difficult game to evaluate. I'ts very deep, much more of the critically acclaimed eight chapter of dragon quest series, but it's also too long and frustrating.the best features are the sense of adventure and the difficult battles.The positive- sense of adventure- talk command brings the characters to life- very epic storyline- different approach of storytelling, it's focused on several sub plots, very well written and interesting- deep gameplay system- very hard battles specially boss battles- soundtrack it's not bad- many side-quests- innovative character design- very long gameThe negative- very long game- ugly and repetitive graphics- very repetitive soundtrack- super sloooooooooow game ( it's get 30-40 hours to get the job system, and 10 hours to fight)- frustrating- the monsters jobs are too difficult to get- too many battles- boring at timesgraphics 7/10soundtrack 7/10story 9/10character development 8/10gameplay 9/10fun factor 9/10Miscellaneouslenght : long in a very bad way, the game never gets the end. 200-400 hours to complete with all side-questsdifficulty : very hard turn battle game, nuff saidreplay value : NO THANKS!
3	B00005OLWB	I never owned a PS1 - in fact, I never owned any of the Playstations, throughout the video game ages after the NES I became more of a handheld person - right now I play my 3DS, PSP, and PS Vita. In the past I owned a gameboy, an atari lynx, and a sega game gear.I'm a huge Dragon Quest/Warrior fan (as well as Final Fantasy), I have all of the Dragon Warriors for the NES (I - IV), all of the Dragon Quests for the DS (IV - VI and IX), and when I saw that they released Dragon Quest VII for the 3DS in Japan, I could not wait. I went to my local Movie / Music / Video Game resale shop, bought a PS1 and a memory card for 20 bucks, and I ordered the original double disc game for about 30 bucks off Amazon.Needless to say it really pushes the limits of the PS1 - It is the most vast DW/DQ I've played to date possibly with the exception of DQ IX for the DS. (The only one I have not played is VIII for PS2).The graphics and gameplay are fantastic and that of a PS2 or 3DS game, and everything else is nothing less than you would expect from the DW/DQ series.
3	B00005OLWB	At first glance when the average gamer starts this game, they wonder about this game's expectations.  It boasts a hundred hours of gameplay, so that must mean that the graphics must be really good, right?  Well, most gamers take one look at the graphics, fiddle around with the game for a little bit, and give up completely.  I warn you, this game is not for those who are only out for the flasy graphics or the gameplay that's so simple any five-year-old could complete it in their sleep.  This game is not simple-minded.  No, it's not Final Fantasy:  It's Dragon Warrior, and having a game that just screams &quot;old school&quot; and boasts about it for a ridiculously long time is absolutely fine with me.As I already said, at first glance, this game is not particularly pretty to stare at.  But if anybody spends enough time with the game, you'll tend to ignore this little minor detail.  That's right: minor.  This is Dragon Warrior, and the focus is on gameplay here, not making everything look pretty.  The majority of the game focuses strictly on battle, where your strategic wits are most needed.  Instead of today's &quot;Attack, heal, repeat&quot; strategy, you'll have to dig deeper if you want to come out of the battles alive.  In other games in which spells that increase your attack and defense are practically useless, in Dragon Warrior VII, they are all but required.As well, at first glance, the plot seems as linear as it could be.  As the heroes of the game, you have decided to embark on a quest to recover lands lost due to an unknown evil via time travel.  This may seem like a pointless game where it all seems like all you have to keep doing is go back in time and rescue the helpless people, then go to the next land, save it, and do it over and over again.  However, the more time you spend with the game, the more this seemingly linear plot unfolds.  The more lands you restore, the more you learn about this unknown evil.  That seems to be the basis of most video games in general, but for some reason, this one seems that much different.  Not to mention there is this one cruel and sadistic plot twist that will leave your jaw dropping and frozen in that position for an indefinite length of time.  I will not mention what it is, for that would be spoiling things.One thing that I haven't mentioned that should really be noted is of course the musical score.  Koichi Sugiyama is the go-to guy, and has written the scores for the previous Dragon Warrior games.  While the music for other games has a blatant techno-new age appearance, Sugiyama has decided to stick with a much more traditional, orchestral-based sound, and to me, that creates a really powerful emotional tool during crucial points of the game at times.  It's really a great score, and really adds to the experience.In conclusion, all I have to say is to give this game an honest chance.  Don't dislike it because it isn't Final Fantasy, and it isn't as attractive-looking.  Because of this misjudgment, most gamers are missing out on this remarkable, innovative gaming experience.  You should play the game to experience what old school is all about, and will possibly be as close to an actual journey to rid evil as anything will ever be.  Don't be one of the several gamers who have turned their backs on this game for trivial reasons.  This game is that and much more.You're missing out.  Big time.
3	B00005OLWB	I was overjoyed when Dragon Warrior 7 was available for the Playstation. One thing you notice when you first play DW 7 is that you become so immersed with the game. Forget about the graphics!Awesome graphics do not make a great game alone. You will lose a lot of sleep and social life after you buy this game. From what I've heard, it has over 100 hrs of gameplay. This is true RPG heavenfor me being I can totally be involved with the story line. I've played DW's 1, 2, 3, and 4 for the snes, and hoping Enix will release 5 and 6 for gameboy advance. If youlove deep RPG's DW 7 is for you!
3	B00005OLWB	Despite the poor graphics and sound effects, DWVII is one of the best RPGs to get for the playstation. It has a huge character class system, a monster park to build, a town to build and hundreds of tiny medals to collect. If you want to completely finish the game, it can take up to 180 hours.  If you really hate bad graphics, back off this one.
3	B00005OLWB	and you know what's funny?  i haven't finished it!  i have over 60 hours on this game, and i'm STILL ON THE FIRST DISC.  i have hardly accomplished anything!  this game is HUGE!!!!!!  the graphics are so un-unique, it actually adds to the game.  the camera shift is the coolest thing to ever hit an rpg.  battle system is same as all dw's, but it's great.  never a dull moment with enix.  buy and enjoy, and don't plan anything for...the rest of your life.
3	B00005OLWB	I haven't finished the game yet, but at 70 hours in, it seems like a good time to write a review.Graphics: Average to subpar.  They have used a 3D interface, but the graphics suffer for that.  It would have perhaps been better to use 2D graphics.  The graphics are reminiscent of Final Fantasy VII, even though that was made four years earlier.  The 3D interface is very cool however.  You can spin most rooms around to take any perspective.  This is useful for spotting hidden objects.  I wish all 3D games would allow you to view from all perspectives!  You can also sometimes 'zoom out' to get an overview of the area.  The effect is actually quite breathtaking if you can get into an overlooking tower or high building and especially at the monastery.  So that's a positive.Story:  The story at first seems very simplistic and made-for-kids.  The protagonists are all teenagers and they tend to view things in a childish way.  However, the subject matter is very rich and sometimes dark.  It's very interesting to combine adult subject matter with a childish viewpoint.  It really produces a strong emotional effect.  The children can't fully comprehend these situations, but YOU as the player can!  What you do in this game is to travel to many different islands and continents where you will have to solve their specific issues.  So it is more like a collection of short stories than one big story (although there is an overarching theme connecting the smaller stories).The townspeople are very talkative!  They will usually change what they say after very small story events.  So if you are big on talking to the townspeople, you should check for fresh responses often.  There is a huge, huge amount of dialogue here!  As an added bonus, after talking to each townsperson, try talking to your companions.  They will sometimes generate a unique response to each townsperson's response.Gameplay: Excellent!  That essential Dragon Warrior feeling is there.  As you wander over the world map or in dungeons, you will be attacked by random, wandering monsters.  You kill the monsters to gain experience and gold.  You take the gold to nearby towns to exchange for better and better weapons and armour.  You will have to make tough choices as to which weapons and armour you can buy with limited funds.There have only been a couple places so far where I had to level grind in order to progress.  (By level grind, I mean setting time aside to raise levels before moving on with the story.)  This is very different from Dragon Warrior (original) where you had to level grind all the time!  I like it!  The story seems to flow very smoothly instead of start/stopping all the time like in the original.In order to progress the story, you must find shards that you put into special altars.  If you do not have all the shards you need to reach the next area, you will be stuck until you locate them.  It is therefore important to explore every nook and cranny possible in every town and dungeon you are given access to.  This comes naturally to me in my own style of RPG playing.  Most RPGs make this optional to find all of the hidden treasures and goodies, but in this RPG you must seek them out so as to avoid missing a shard.  If you are thorough in your searches, you should be able to avoid missing a shard and getting stuck.At a certain point in the game, you will be able to choose classes.  There are some standard kinds of classes, like fighter, mage, cleric, etc.  There are also some offbeat ones like jester and shepherd.  It's fun to choose a class and learn its unique abilities.  However, your stats are sometimes negatively affected by a class choice.  For example, choosing to be a mage will lower your attack and defence power, but raise your intelligence for magical attacks.  For this reason, I felt that choosing classes made gaining levels from experience somewhat irrelevant.
3	B00005OLWB	Dragon Warrior 7 truly symbolizes everything about this word.  From a sweeping storyline spanning numerous continents and fully encompassing not only the present but the past as well to an engrossing and deep job system that requires countless battles of leveling, Dragon Warrior 7 delivers an epic experience.This game even seems epic compared to old-time graphics, since it's an old-time game, looking like an SNES game on polygonal steroids.  Yeah, they're horrible when compared to today's biggest graphical contenders, but gameplay was always the draw of the old-timers, right?  Right, and what gameplay it is.Dragon Warrior has hardly strayed from its singular roots, 7 itself flaunting the same battle system, complete with similar sound effects, as all of the previous.  This includes a first-person perspective, numerous skills with fairly flashy effects, and little monster motion.  It this 7 remedied the stale, boasting fully fluid monster animations and quick graphically unique battle effects, both which add to the appeal and speed of battle.  Granted, the frequency and sheer volume of battles in a 100+(!) hour game can get tedious, but the compellingly written story will grasp the tenacious to the end.Overall, Dragon Warrior 7 is an uninspired graphical flop complete with a riveting story complemented by intelligent writing that adds to the battling, class-leveling experience.  If you're looking for a game that is a pure rush of 100 hour days-gone-by nostalgia, Dragon Warrior 7 should occupy the top of your list.
3	B00005OLWB	For the quaint graphics, the thin (dare I say two-dimensional?) characters, the so-so plot, and the time-intensive job system, I still spent most of the journey enjoying myself.The graphics are a huge leap over previous Dragon Warrior incarnations (at least the previous United States immigrants), and a huge leap behind other contemporaneous RPGs (but not far enough behind to capture nostalgia value).  Characters are flat (literally), meander through a three-dimensional world, colorful, but somewhat bland--certainly nothing close to the meticulously detailed city-scapes, et al, of the Final Fantasy series.  Easier on the eyes than your old-school NES games to be sure, but nothing of any independent attraction.  Battles are quick, too, but still text based: the enemies, in a strange mix between action and screen, begin moving only when attacking--at other times they appear like pictures in a book.The plot is gargantuan--perhaps tedious--a systematic search through myriad islands, enlarging the original overworld in the process.  Each island has its own little conflict to solve, some of which are fun; on the way one picks up pieces of the overarching problem, which I won't give away here.  To make new islands appear one must collect shards; discovering one gives one a glimmer of satisfaction that proves addictive.That ultimate plot, when it emerges, doesn't cohere particularly well, and it's hard to care about the vacuous primary characters, much less the interchangeable secondary characters.  Still, I'll be damned if there isn't an intensely enjoyable aspect to the constant cycle of discovery and exploration of the rising islands, of gaining new abilities through the job system, of trying to fulfill one of the sidequests.The Dragon Warriors have always been marked by an extremely meritocratic gameplay--if you want something, you have to earn it.  Hours must be spent in the field gaining experience before you're set to venture to a new continent, or have the necessary funds for subsequent levels of armor and weaponry.That is their, and this installation's, charm, which makes it--for all its shortcomings (the music is pleasant but simple as well) and anachronisms--worth recommending.  I do so.After all, by this late date, the game finally might have some of that nostalgic value.
3	B00005OLWB	DQ/W and FF series have been good competition to each other until certain point.  FF series started taking customer friendly approach while DQ/W kept its originality.  I had almost forgotten what real RPG should be: Good storyline, short and simple battle system, joy of increasing levels and inclusion of human drama.  DQ/W 7 has all of these elements.Gameplay is very easy to learn (unlike FF junction, materia and ability system) if you are after fancy magic and summon beasts using superb graphics then this is not your kind of game.360degree turning might make feel ill until you get used to it.There are a few things I found quite annoying.1. although it states that total playing time is more than 100hours, what takes half that time is building your characters' levels and IT IS necessity in order to get past certain points. Another word a player needs to spend enormous amount of hours on mindless battles. If you don't have much time to play you may find it very very long.2. Hardly any events relate to each other.  It is almost like begin one event, end one event, unlike other RPGs you don't ever come back to the same place.3. There is no sense of freedom, a player is very limited to what he/she can do in the game.4. If you miss one item/event the story does not progress and no one tells you what to do.However, this is a piece of art and yet it is very challenging for most RPG players.  I recommed this for advanced RPG players otherwise you will end up hating it.
3	B00005OLWB	As amazon.com reviews, certainly this game graphic may be inferior. But I love dragon warrior than final fantsy series. I love the unique system of the dragon warrior, even if is said that the game system is out of date, concretly like the battle system, the damage system by expressing words or points or the wonderful monster characters drawed by Akira Toriyama, the great synario as if we exist in middle age Europe written by Horii Yuuji, and sentimental music that we feel the fravor of Broque period sounds composed by Kouichi Sugiyama.By combination of the ability of theree men, the soft, dragon warrior, got to be supecial game.Certainly final fantasy series have became the high spec real games that are played by PS2, on the other hand, dorago warrior graphic is rough and unreal. But for the point that I wrote in upper writing, even if the graphics is inferior, dragon warrior have wonderful other good points.When I play the new series dragon warrior, I feel a nostalgic emotion, that is, in my child age the memory that played dragon warrior1/2/3etc revive. They are also mysteriouse chams of dragon warrior.Thank you for reading poor English.
3	B00005OLWB	If you don't sleep or eat, if you like defeating impossibly unapporachable enemies, saving people out of impossible situations, and changing the fabric of time and space, this is for you!!!  I stayed up for eleven hours each night for a month straight and I still have not gotten everything!!!  You start off from the small village of Fishbel on the only continent on the whole planet, but the world is not what it seems.  You discover a secret ruin where legends and enemies of old are revealed, and a great evil is released upon the world as the great battle between God and the Demon Lord is waged.  Ugly graphics, but great game!!!
3	B00005OLWB	Dragon Warrior was not the first RPG.  There was Dungeons and Dragons, Adventure, and so on.  However this introduced the common RPG that we see today.  The idea of experience points, levels, random encounters and so on.  This series introduced a lot to the genere.  To bad this is teh final chapter in it's legacy.Back before Final fantasy rolled around, a company known as Enix created a game called Dragon Quest.  You had one character, and you had to explore dungeons save a princess, and slay the Dragon Lord.  The idea was simple yet proved to be a very deep game.  it met equal sucess in America.  Than came the second chapter in the series where where the psrty expanded to three characters, and the spell system grew and the wrold to explore was literally 4x as large as the first game.  Than came a the third chapter which introduced the job system and the world still grew.  than came the fourth chapter near the end of The NES life and without a doubt the most succesful statewise.  Expanding into 5 chapters with a party of around 6 charcter basic and than an additional 8 cahracters to assist you throughout the game.  than the SNES rolled around and they didn't release Dragon warrior 5-6 state side, which hurt tham financially.Now we have # 7 and although it is not the best, it is a powerful testament to their legacy.Dragon Warrior 7 revolves around a young man and his two friends who discover teh secret to the small ruin on their small island, in fact the only island in the world.  Soon they discover that the world is indeed larger and through their quest they bring back cities lost due to the dreaded Demon Lord.the game play is basic Dragon Warriro.  You build levels to get stronger.  You buy better armor for higher defense.  But a few things have changed.  the most obviouse being going 3D.  Which case the Camera system is easy to utilize.the job system also expanded.  You have mulitple jobs (not accessed until later) and you gain levels in that job through battles.  But not weak creatures.  YOu fight creatures of your current or slightly less level and ou build up experience there and you grow in there.  With each level you learn new skills until you master it and than you step into another job.  than you can learn monster jobs and learn skills some specified to monsters only, and others not.I won't give away any details on the fun factor and challenge this game holds but I guarentee that this game is worth owning if you are and RPG fan.  A true gameer can forgive graphics and see the enjoyment that this hodls.  You will not be dissapointed.
3	B00005OLWR	This is an amazing game. The best sprint car game out. In this game you can choose from alot of different sprint car drivers and a ton of tracks. If you stay on the driver or track it will tell you about the track and the driver will tell you about him. If you flip the card over it will tell even about the track and the driver will tell you lots more about them and what they have done with there career. The best thing about this game is the wrecks if you slam into one sprint car all the others will pile up behind you. There is alot of damage when you wreck and you will barrell roll through the air. Ive even had in some wrecks i'll hit a sprint car perfect and it will make one thats right there next to the one I hit and they flew up in the air where I couldnt even see it and they hung in up in the air for about a 6 second hang time. The wrecks have alot of maximum destruction in them and are very fun especially if your on the onboard shot.
3	B00005OLWR	im not a big sprint car person and i didnt know jack about how to set it up to race with a wheel its difficult not to spin out but it is fun
3	B00005OLWR	If you are into sprint cars I think you will love the realism of this game.The mud flying,the serious pile ups,this is sprint cars done right.I do want to put out a buyer beware though.If you want to get this game new be very careful who you buy it from.I paid a jacked up price to DVDs123 (DVDs123dotcom) about 100 dollars to get it new and factory sealed as they advertised it.It came with a big white generic security tab on the side where the game opens.The cellophane was all sticking to the game case like it was glued to it to keep it on snug.When the cellophane was off i saw little pieces of residue and tiny bits of gray tape where the original security strip is normally found.The game manual also showed signs of use.Beware if you buy from alternate vendors on this site.Its a common pracitce for many to repack out of print games to jack up the new price.If you don't need to have them new you might as well buy a used copy,this way you know what your getting and don't pay another 75% for the same used game cause they claim it was new.DVDs123 is not the only merchant here engaged in this practice but they were the most recent ones who duped me.
3	B00005OLWR	Gave it five stars just due to the graphics and how great the game flows with the series.  More tracks could be needed but overall wonderful game.
3	B00005OLWR	I knew nothing about sprint car racing when I purchased this game. From seeing an occasional highlights segment on Speed News or RPM Tonight, a few of the driver names sounded slightly familiar, but I was extremely surprised when, in reading through the excellent game manual, I learned that the right rear tire is larger than its left-side counterpart. However, despite my extreme ignorance of sprint car racing, the first thirty minutes with the game sold me on this form of racing.While the array of tuning options can feel threatening initially (and also seems to run counter to tuning options in games such as Gran Turismo 3 and F1 2001, two games which place a HEAVY emphasis on tuning), the basics are well explained in the game manual, with brief tips on-screen in the tuning menu. After a few runs through Single Race and Time Trial to become accustomed to driving a sprint car and learning a few circuits, anyone can have fairly quick success in Arcade Mode; success is initially rather rare in Career Mode, so concentrating in Arcade Mode for several days first is definitely advisable.One common complaint players often have is the loading time required in various games. Fortunately, World of Outlaws has one of the FASTEST loading times I have encountered in a racing game - in my experience, only F1 2001 is faster, but only by less than a second on average.Beginning in Career Mode is even more frustrating than starting in the Gran Turismo series :-( At least in the Gran Turismo series, there is a fairly wide variety of cars to choose from to begin a game. Career Mode in World of Outlaws, however, only provides two choices of sprint cars for the beginning racer. Of the initial $12,000, the cheapest car will consume $9,000, leaving fairly little money for upgrades or repairs.No matter where a competition is held, all these tracks are rather TIGHT. This is nothing like CART or F1 or ALMS, where cars can easily spread out quickly. In this game, even the 'long' tracks are extremely short, which means that - except for those starting a race from the front row - every car is always involved with traffic on every lap.One important note: World of Outlaws REQUIRES a DualShock2 controller. I use a MadCatz DualForce controller (designed for the original PlayStation) for all my other racing games due to the better grip of the controller, but WOO does not support PSX/PSOne controllers. Third-party controllers designed for the PlayStation2 may also work with World of Outlaws, but I have not had the opportunity to test any of them with this game.Without question, World of Outlaws is one of the hidden gems of the racing genre for PlayStation2 :-)
3	B00005OLWR	While there is really nothing wrong with my Road To Knoxville sprint car game THIS is THE REAL DEAL.The first copy of this that I had got taken a week after it came out.Just now stumbled across it here and jumped on it instantly.All the tracks have the proper names as do the drivers.R.T.K.doesn't.I guess they did that to avoid paying the usage rights fees inorder to keep the cost down.GAS ON IT AND TURN RIGHT!!!
3	B00005OLWR	This game is awesome.  Season and career modes just like Nascar.  My only problem with this game is the set-ups for the tracks are detailed and unless your a World of outlaws die-hard fan they can seem a bit complex.  Still an awesome dirt track racing game!!!
3	B00005OLWR	Playing this game ten years after it's release and finally writing a review for it should speak volumes about how this game has aged. Growing up next to a local dirt track and enjoying simulation racers, this game has been the best that I have came across. The pros heavily outweigh the cons. For World of Outlaws fanatics, the game is licensed, and includes all of the major drivers that at least I have heard of in the series, along with 12 real tracks and 3 fictional ones. The graphics can be tough to look at, but you must keep in mind that they were easily passable for their time and do not detract from the racing experience at all in my mind. For gearheads, the race cars themselves are extremely customizable. The career mode is standard flair...start off with very limited funds, racing your way from the local series up to the more prestigious series. Where the game really stands out is the racing itself. Just as in real life and groundbreaking at the time it was released, the track changes as the races go on, forcing you to find the fastest line on the track. Another thing that I like about the game is the driving AI. While they sometimes act as if you are not there and hold their lines, they do not drive perfectly and make mistakes, which I see as a plus. I don't like being the one that is always responsible for the caution flag. Where the game lacks for me is the presentation, the same tracks and commentary get a little old after you've logged enough laps. Collision detection is not true to actual sprint car racing, but better than most games that I have played, factoring in more recent PS3 games as well. You can rub tires and not go end up flipping down the track. The game is far from perfect, but stands out as the best sprint car racing simulation that I have played to this day. Pick it up, but be aware that if playing on a PS3, the game did occasionally freeze on me.
3	B00005OLWR	This is worth the high price. Me and my brother have been playing it all day! Im glad its good because I spent 55 bucks on it !!!!!!!!!!! GET THIS GAME p.s career mode is the best
3	B00005OLWT	When I saw and played this game at the E3 convention, I was in awe. I am an avid extreme sports game player and I've just about played every game that fits in this category. There all great, but basically the same thing. But when I played this, I said, &quot;This is unbelievably fun.&quot; Every company that has triedto make a surfing game has failed miserably. But this game made me believe that surfing is the next extreme sports classic game. It has just the right amount of difficulty. So, it's not to hard to catch a tube and yet not that easy to be a great surfer. The realism is incredible. You can do 180's and ride the tube. As if you were actually surfing. When this reaches stores this is a must-get for owners of the X-BOX or a system-seller itself. I can't wait to see if Activision's Kelly Slater Pro Surfer,  will be as good as this is or even better. I am counting down the days to when the X-BOX will launch and when this game launches, I will be the first in line for the X-BOX and this game. You should be too.
3	B00005OLWT	This is a pretty good game with only a few flaws.  I would recomend it.  It is fun, challenging, but not way to hard.  The only bad thing is the annoying sound.
3	B00005OLWT	To say I was skeptical about spending $... on a surfing game would be the understatement of the year.  However, the good buzz around the game gave me the confidence I needed to give it a try and I am happy that I did so.  Transworld Surf is not an easy game to pick up in the first couple of hours, but enough patience and effort will pay off in a rewarding game experience.  Some of the goals connected to the Career Mode could have been left out, yet it does add another dimension to the overall gameplay and helps you practice certain tricks/moves.  The graphics are exceptional and the difficulty of progressing in Career Mode is a welcomed challenge. The multiplayer games are also fun, except for the tricky King of the Wave. Forget about the snowboarding and skateboarding games, this is the one you need if you want to have a so-called "extreme" sports game.  I rated it 4 stars, but my actual rating- if possible- would be 4 1/2 stars.  It is that good and it is that fun.
3	B00005OLWT	I've never surfed but i expect that this game is just like real surfing.  The physics and everything are just like in real life.  This is also very hard because as i said its just like real life.  I've been trying to land a kickflip all day and i just cant do it! (as i said i've never surfed and i dont know actually the timing of everything so for me its very difficult.So if your not afraid of a game that is hard youll like this game.
3	B00005OLWT	This game is by far the most realistic Surfing game I have ever played.  What other Surfing game do you know where you have to paddle out to the line up, duck dive waves, and time your paddle right to drop in?  The graphics are great, and the tricks are awesome.  It's a very challenging game, in order to unlock levels/beaches, you have to really learn and pull off all your tricks out of your hat.  The controls are very simple to learn, it's all a matter of timing your moves right.  The hardest thing about this game is if/when you Wipe Out count as negative points and that makes it really tough to score high.  Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys watching or doing the sport of surfing.
3	B00005OLWW	Yeah it's pretty fun.But you know what bothers me most about this game?  The trick system.  Most of it is just button combinations, like in a fighting game.  You don't feel much connection to the buttons you press and what the animations are doing.  It feels a little too restricted and just not that thrilling.  You can do a back flip but it's really slow - impossible to do two of them in one ramp.  As far as barrel rolls, well, there are none.  In Wave Race 64, they might not have been a big variety of stuff, but I was actually maneuvering the watercraft in the air.  When I would land a double barrel roll I let out a big fat YESSSS.  I never say "YESSSS" when I play this game.  But yeah, the water is pretty dang pretty to look at.  The rider models ain't too shabby either, although they all look pretty much the same.  I wish the game had a freestyle mode where it focused on pulling off tough tricks.  Even in free ride, I've tried to ramp around but everything seems pretty regulated.  Things were in Wave Race 64 too, but all you needed was an imagination as well as a little creativity and you could take that game APART, LOL.  But yeah, Splashdown's water is pretty dang pretty to look at.Another thing is the music...  It doesn't appeal to my taste particularly - but that's just me  (I would have gone with a more generic aquatic sounding music that anyone could get used to).  I wouldn't say that the game sucks for its music though.  If you like Smashmouth and The Donnas (which I do not) then you'll be fine.  Even if you don't, just turn it down low and it ain't so bad since you're distracted by the pretty water.I don't want to give you the idea that this game sucks with all my nitpicking.  There are a suprising amount of tracks, good control, unlockables, and secret shortcuts.  It's worth getting for the price that it's selling at.  Oh yeah, and one more thing - pretty water.
3	B00005OLWW	I played this game at a friends house and it is really fun.  The graphics aren't as good as wave race blue storm though.  It has great tracks and doesn't get boring.  You can go outside the track and won't send you back unless you go to far then it throws you all the way to the track.  It is kind of hard to do tricks but still fun.  NOTE:Madrid, Spain is the best track.
3	B00005OLWW	Atari, the great video maker of the 1980's, finally returns to next gen gaming with this aquatic journey of pure fun and excitement. I got this game for Christmas, and I have been playing it since then. It is simply a great game!  The first thing that sticks out in my mind about this game is the beautiful visuals. The water effects are stunning, and the character and vehicle graphics are quite good as well. The backgrounds are nice and they tend to match the location.(Greek architecture in Greece.)The jet skis in the game tend to control very realistically(except for the height of jumps). When you turn your watercraft it bobs around in the water like a real Sea-Doo.  The watercrafts also respond to waves and turns just like a real Sea-Doo.  The vibration on the PS2 Dual Shock is nice as well as it coincides with every bump or ramp that your Sea-Doo hits.Next up is sound and the game has a very good soundtrack. It is a new age mixture of rock, punk, and hip-hop. The sound effects are also very good.The only problem I have with this game is the difficulty of performing certain tricks. The first level of tricks are relatively easy, but then it gets extremely hard. Later on tricks require pushing two or three buttons as well as swiveling the joystick perfectly in a certain direction. It is very hard to perform, and even when you do figure it out it is hard to be consistent with it. The tricks should have been more like Tony Hawk or something.Overall this game is really great. You will be mezmerized by the water effects which blow away N64's WaveRace. If you liked Waverace for N64 you will simply love this game. It is kinda like a jet-ski version of SSX, but not quite as fun or as stunning. But it really does deliver a great aquatic gaming experience. Look below for nemerical ratingsGRAPHICS :  9.5CONTROL  :  8.5 (BECAUSE OF THE TRICKS ONLY)SOUND  :  9.5GAMEPLAY :  9.0REPLAY VALUE :  8.5STORYLINE : n/a PURE RACING GAAME, NOT MUCH STORY TO IT*The game is a racing game. The game is not really about doing tricks. The tricks come into play, however, in that doing tricks causes your power meter to increase thus making your watercraft much faster. On harder levels it is impossible to win a race without doing tricks.The game is really quite difficult to play. It requires lots of playing time to perfect your skills!
3	B00005OLWW	Realistic water actionEach watercraft has distinctive features and handlingDynamic wakes, rolling waves, and turbulence18 awesome locationsAll of that stuff above makes this rock.All of that stuff below makes this game not rock.Only 2 people in multiplayerLess then 10 vehiclesSo as a whole it has stuff that makes this rock and stuff that makes it not rock.  But this game deserves 4 stars and gets 4 stars.  Buy this if you like any other water games or you like anything that has to do with water.
3	B00005OLWW	This is by far the best jet skiing game I've ever played.  The water looks as real as I've ever seen in a video game.  Can't wait for the second one.
3	B00005OLWW	I wasn't sure what to expect from Infrogames Atari division with their Splashdown release. Much to my suprize, Splashdown is a highly addictive, blast to play.  The control is precise, the water effects are amazing, and the racing is very challenging. (It is hard to win, even on easy mode.) The soundtrack has a few good, recognizable songs including Smash Mouth's All-Star.  The trick system is somewhat easy to pull off, and as you will find out in the later levels of the game, if you don't pull off tricks, you will not win a race.  This really adds to the challenge and replay of the game.Overall, is this the best looking game on the PS2? No. Does it matter? Not at all!!!  The gameplay is so much fun, you will wonder why you didn't quit reading these reviews sooner, and just buyed the game.Bottomline... Splashdown is a very fun game, and it is the best jetski game for the PS2.  If you liked Wave Race 64 on the N64, or Jet Moto on the Playstation, you will love Splashdown.BUY THIS GAME!!!
3	B00005OLWW	There are 3 major Jet Ski releases to come out in 2001. The first, Wave Race Blue Storm, was good, but didnt live up to expectations.  I was disappointed with the awful play control and lack of very creative courses.  THen there was wave rally for PS2, which is a mediocre game all together.  Then there is splashdown- the one that blows the others out of the water! (no pun intended) This has got it all- silky smooth play controls, great graphics and framerate, plenty of tracks and riders to keep you occupied, multi player, and so much more.  The tracks are innovative and creative.  The multiplayer is even better. It also takes up hardly any memory card space.  If you like these arcade-like racers, this should definately be your number one pick.  The only complaint i have is that if you are doing a circuit- you have to race by yourself first on the course, to figure out where you will be placed for the next race, in which you race against challenging, but not extremely hard computer racers. This makes the circuit take a long time. But there is a time trial mode which is more worth your time.  Get this game for the PS2.  Its the best wave-racer to come out since Wave Race 64.
3	B00005OLWW	Infogrames has made a great game, the movement of the camera over the rider, it's soft and realistic. The camera doesn't move as much as other games, so you don't get a headache while playing. The places were you run are well done, you go to plenty of exciting places. The problem is that you can't choose the seadoo you'd like to have, or the color of the suit for the rider,and the number of riders is limited for my taste. However this game is very well done. Buy it, you don't waste time and money.
3	B00005OLWW	I don't usually buy games like this but when I saw the pictures of Splashdown I knew I had to have it. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. This game is absolutely amazing! I have a Sea Doo and ride it every summer and this game captures the exact feeling you have when you're actually out there in the water. The only difference is you don't get wet when you play this game which is actually a good thing when it's winter time and the water is too cold. I don't know how they made this game but they are geniuses.
3	B00005OLWW	First of all, this game is beautiful. The graphics in this game are incredible, and the detail in the water is perfect. Another great thing about this game is it's large selection of tracks that are all detailed beautifully. Some people don't really like the music choices that are in this game, but I didn't have a problem with it. To me, everything about this game is superb.
3	B00005OLWW	MY FIRST PS2 GAME.  THE RESPONSE IS GREAT.  THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT.  THE SOUNDTRACK IS GREAT. PERIOD!
3	B00005OLWW	The game that started it all for me on PS1 was Jet Moto.  I hated #2 but enjoyed a lot of good two player action on #3.  Splashdown is the nearest thing to these titles available on PS2.  The game takes place entirely on water (except when you are jumping through the air).  The water is not just a flat plane though.  There are waves and rocks and you must control the amount of hydroplaning your jet ski does.  Alternately you can dive underwater for short periods of time.  The soundtrack on this title rocks and actually has hit music that many young people listen to.  The big drawback of the sound is that it is not 5.1 (SSX tricky has spoiled me in this department), but if you are not someone who has surround sound (DTS/dolby digital) you will not miss this.
3	B00005OLWW	Okay, there are plenty of games that are more exciting out there, but this is a really nice family game to have. It is good, clean, and fun. The graphics are good (but not great) and the physics are for the most part realistic and believable. The controls are easy to pick up and the tricks are fairly easy to complete. Splashdown contains a good mix of upbeat music and the gameplay should keep you occupied for a decent amount of time. Just remember, although the game is fun, don't expect a heart-pounding, adrenaline-producing experience.
3	B00005OLX1	The PS2 isn't the Greatest Version of Max Payne...(PC is)...but you'd be missing out if you haven't experienced it yet!
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is a cinematic, film-noir type game that mixes you standard action and intrigue. The story is as cliched as they come: a rogue cop framed for murder must fight against incredible odds to survive. This is from the same people who made Grand Theft Auto, the PS2's crowning title. Here is my impressions of Max Payne.The Pros:1. Cinematics. The story sequences come in two forms: as an on-screen graphic novel, and full motion sequences. They highlight the important points in the game quite well. Despite what others say, I don't think the voice acting is that bad. Believe me, I've heard much worse. The cinematic cut-scenes make the game much more enjoyable.2. The details. What else would you expect from a PS2 game? The graphics are similar to Grand Theft Auto III, in that the city, the buildings, the rooms, and the enemies are very intricately detailed. Unlike GTA3, that is almost no pop-up in the background, and the rendering is amazing. But it is the little details that will strike you. You can turn lights on and off, move boxes, and even make drinks come out of the coke machine in the hotel (this is early on in the game). Note that I have layed both the PS2 and Xbox versions, and have noticed no difference.3. The automatic save. There is nothing more frustrating than getting killed before you've had a chance to save your game. At the beginning of each new segment, your game is saved. It does the work for you. I like that feature a lot.4. The A.I. The enemies are tougher to beat here, since the difficult levil changes according to your progress. If you are having a hard time in the game, the enemies will lighten up, slightly. But if you are having a ball, they will get tougher on you. They are also very good at evading your attacks. The improved A.I. (artificial intellegence, in case you didn't know) gives the game more challenge.5. Storyline. Though it has it's ups and downs, the story is classic film-noir. I didn't get Max Payne looking for an innovative storyline (though I wouldn't have complained if it was). It is a good, old-fashioned caper story.The Cons:1. Loading time. It seems that Max Payne has a longer than normal loading time, wich can be very frustrating if you get killed off a lot in the beginning. Since the game is so well detailed, I can only assume that is why it takes longer to load. The game takes about 2 minutes to get the game up and running, so patience is a vitrue you must possess to play Max Payne.2. Control. Though this becomes less of a con as you get used to it, the controls are tough. Unlike most games, Max Payne requires use of BOTH analog sticks, so it take a bit of getting used to. People who have played Silent hill before will probably know what I mean. Also, the targeting system is tricky in the begining, since all you have to aim with is a white dot on screen.3. Sometimes you cannot skip through the cinematic cut-scenes, which is frustrating is you get killed and have to sit through the same bits over and over again.I bought Max Payne on the recommendation of a friend who is pickier than I am when it comes to video games. I am very impressed with Max Payne, and am now addicted to it. Some games are like that. Anyone who liked GTA3 or Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty will love Max Payne.
3	B00005OLX1	This game is pretty cool, the controls are odd at first but once you get used to it (took me about 5 minutes) the game runs really smooth. In the game you basically run through level after level blasting the bad guys to bits. Between the blasting a somewhat weak but interesting story is unfolded. I would give this game a 4 and a half star rating only because there are a few levels that are very annoying and hard to beat, if you've beaten it you know what I mean, if you haven't you will. But other than just two pain in the rear levels the game is a five star all the way. And now that it's on the greatest hits list you have no reason NOT to own it.
3	B00005OLX1	A classic, an absolute classic. It's like playing within a Mickey Spillane novel: great action, great story, and great babes (well, I think there's one babe, but she's hot). A must-have for third-person shooter lovers.
3	B00005OLX1	this game is very goodit jsut sucks u in and u cant quit, and before u know it, it is done
3	B00005OLX1	this will do just fine it's all that you want in a game although the analong stick get me mad u can switch the controls beleave me you can rest asure you're money is well spent if you've NEVER HAVE PLAYED THE COMPUTER ONE FIRST!!!!!
3	B00005OLX1	repetitive play, knocking down doors and jumping thru stuff to shoot people gets old, story is sort of thin and even though it has different endings you have to go thru the same stuff
3	B00005OLX1	In one of the most innovative video games I have ever played, &quot;Max Payne&quot; is a exciting, gritty and extremely bloody game brought to you by Rockstar Games, makers of the violent &quot;Grand Theft Auto&quot; series.You play as Max Payne, a New York undercover cop, who, after the death of his family, is framed for a murder of his superior and battles the mob, his own people and a whole lot worse.  The game is really action packed. But I was somewhat confused by the storyline. I had trouble keeping up with it, by all the additional backstory and other locations Max ventures.The climax is was a letdown. For some gamers out there, I never actually finished the game! The last level is extremely hard to finish. Rockstar Games did a fair job of developing the game. &quot;Max Payne&quot; has somewhat one-rate but realistic graphics. But I enjoyed the urban settings in every level. It really feels like a New York ghetto! The voice acting is pretty good, despite some misunderstandings with the characters.I enjoyed killing all the bad guys. They become tired after a while, but that's OK. There are alot of weapons to choose from. But the most memorable sequence in this game is to use slow  motion gameplay called &quot;bullet-time&quot;. Some other guy called it &quot;slow-down&quot;. How silly! Anyway, bullet-time cannot be used every time, since it's only use from moment to moment.&quot;Max Payne&quot; is a fine game to play. Despite some flaws, it's still fun. I haven't played part 2, but I heard it's good.
3	B00005OLX1	This game is the best third person shooter ever invented, there is cool weapons like molotovs, baseball bats, m16 and grenades. It is really fun when you see a druggie sitting on the floor reciting strange words and then you walk up to him and beat him with a bat or burn him to death with a molotov. This game does'nt seem like it should be rated m but there is alot of blood and adult themes like hookers, drugs and some wiseguys with dirty mouths so keep this away from the kiddies.
3	B00005OLX1	This game packs a lot of fun for just $20. The slow diving is neat and dodging bullets is really fun. The plot is weird and I hate the dream levels where you have to run on that little red line and jump to other little red lines. After I spent half an hour on this, you hope he'd wake up. cool levels. Hard if you don't use slowmo
3	B00005OLX1	I had just finished Max Payne and it was a fun game with a story line.  After finishing it, I do feel like playing it again (Good thing because Xmas is close and you never know what you get in your stocking).  The levels that go into Max psyche are a little creepy for my tastes.  I had to turn it off when my 2 year old daughter goes in because if it gives me nightmares I shudder to think what it could do to her.  There is also a lot of violence to boot.  In case you have not figured it out, this is not one for kids.  The action is good and the bullet time is a nice feature when you seem to be out numbered.  My wife doesn't care for the painkillers, which seem to promote drug use.  Then again, this is one of the reasons it gets a mature rating I'm sure.The levels are not too hard, however I had to resort to the cheats to get through the exploding restaurant, because the walkthrough didn't explain it well enough.  Please bear in mind if you do resort to the cheats, the game will make it real easy.  If you want to challenge yourself but you get stuck at a level you can make Max god-like to get through the level and then at the next save, just load the level and you will be mortal again.If you like games like syphon filter or metal gear solid you will like this game.
3	B00005OLX1	Before I tell you about the game Max Payne, let me tell you about myself. I have EVERY system ever made, from Colecovision to PS2. I have played TONS and TONS of games, including almost every new hit PC and PS2 game on the market today. If it's out, I probably own it. That being said...Max Payne is TRULY the best game of the year. The storyline is captivating to say the least. Your an undercover NYPD cop working the streets of New York City. A couple junkies break into your house and kill your wife and son. The graphics and sound are movie like, and as convincing as anything you've ever seen in a video game. The story is what makes this game great.The game play is also amazing. There are tons of weapons that you obtain throughout the game. The slow motion "bullet time" effect is something out of the future. The enemys are FAR from easy to handle. This is not a run and shoot game. It takes time. You can quick save (atleast in the PC version) at any time during the mission. They allow this because of how challenging the game can be at times. You'll explore hotels, old prostitution houses, and office buildings looking for the root of the evil that caused these junkies to kill your family.This is a game you will get involved with. You learn a little more of the story every time you beat a mission. It's like watching a mystery movie, except this time your the star. This is the type of game you won't kick yourself for buying. It's what I like to call a "no risk" purchase. It's going to keep your attention ATLEAST long enough to be worth the money. It takes a while to beat, unlike alot of these 4-5 hour long mission type games. It's a long story. If your looking for a game to get into, grab Max Payne. You will be VERY happy you did.P.S. Looking for another AMAZING game? Try Ghost Recon for the PC. It's my 2nd Favorite of the year.
3	B00005OLX1	I throughly enjoyed this game. The voice acting may not be the greatest, but I think the gameplay is really well done and the atmospheres are fantastic. The controls take some getting used too and are not for everyone. They are a problem and could have been better to control, surprisenly I can do it very well. The major problem I have is that as the game progresses it gives you less times to save, so you have to go through almost an entire level (though short) and complete it WITHOUT saving once. That is so stupid because if you die at the end you have to do the entire level over again, that is the dumbest thing ever in a video game.  I just feel it's unfair for the game makers to make a fairly difficult level then make you do it over and over if you slip and die toward the end. Stupid, stupid, stupid.The levels can be a bit difficult if you're not one to be quick on the trigger. And as much I gripe on the camera angles, they're useful in stopping Max at the end a hall, swing the camera around and see if an enemy is around the corner, waiting on the steps, right inside the next room, etc. It gives you a heads up and makes it easier to stay alive.However, I still really liked it. I didn't enjoy MP2 as much, but MP3 (which should end the series I think) should, (re: SHOULD) be much better. I'm looking forward to it.
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is a very entertaining, dark-themed action shooter.  The PS2 version has some occasional slowdown but these bits do not take much away from the overall experience.  Also the loading screens are frequent and fairly long.  Plenty of violence and exciting gameplay elements make this game an obvious choice for shooter or action game fans and should be a permanent addition to a mature PS2 library.
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold, and snowy New York night. Max was a undercover cop for the NYPD, but now he has been framed for murder. He's a fugitive hunted by the mob and the police. And is fighting a battle he can't hope to win but you do.Max Payne is from the same people that brought us Grand Theft Auto III and the quality that was apparent in that game is here as well. The game only has one mode, story mode. The story is outstanding and has more plot twists than any other video game I have ever played.In Max Payne, you fight through several mob families to find out why his wife and baby girl were murdered and how to show the NYPD that he is innocent. Max goes to the very bottom of the barrel of crime and you have to lead him through it all. The bullet-time gameplay feature is very fun to do and makes the game look like the Sci-Fi movie "The Matrix".By the time you get to the second level of the game, you realize that Max Payne is an action/shooting game that is, in many ways supperior ro other action games. It is very hard but at the same time very fun. Its like a John Woo thriller, straight of Hong Kong, only you get to play it. Max Payne is a great video game experience whether you buy it on Playstaion 2, X box, or PC. So order it and prepare for pain.......
3	B00005OLX1	You're a cop in New York! They killed your wife and daughter and now you are mad! This is a very cool action &quot;Syphon Filter&quot; type of game! The story is great and the effects in this game is what sets it apart from being a syphon filter copy! The &quot;bullet time&quot; effect is the coolest thing I have ever seen in a video game. The slow motion matrix style action scenes, the blood and violence, and the story line make this video game play like a movie! The best way I can describe it is syphon filter meets metal gear solid! Once you get use to the controls, and I must say the only reason I didn't give this one 5 stars is because they are a little complicated, you will enjoy this game!! I can definitely see sequels coming down the road.Cool stress relieving kill everyone and ask questions later game, check this one out!
3	B00005OLX1	WAYYYYY better than the second it works so well and i looove bullet time i wish it was in ever video  game that had a shooter
3	B00005OLX1	Love the PC version that I had until it quit working on me, but I was happy to get it for it orignial platfrom here
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is a well made game full of intense action and plot twists. If ever wanted a game where you can have Matrix style gun funs this is the game to get. It's slick, stylish and one of the best games of the year.
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is definitely the best third person shooter ever made. The storyline, graphics, play control, arsenal of weapons, missions, cinema, music, the atmosphere, and the A.I. is more than I could ask for out of a PlayStation 2 game.Let's start out with the storyline. Max Payne takes place in the grimy streets of New York with crime happening all over the place. Three years ago, Max came home to his house finding his wife and infant son brutally murdered. Essentially the murderers were looking for Max, but when they broke in they decided to seize the moment and make his life a living hell. After this horrific experience Max dedicates the next three years of his life to get hunt down and kill the murderers and any cost, even if it means that he'll be the most wanted man in America.The graphics and the atmosphere in Max Payne are simply amazing and very realistic. Max and all of the enemies that he encounters all have their own unique details including mustaches, different colored eyes, scars, their clothing, etc. Everything looks like New York with graffiti all over the walls, trashcans on fire, and cars, subways, doors, and buildings drawn in exceptional detail. From the blood of your enemies to the fire from the Molotov Cocktails, everything is done perfectly. Plus you can interact with the environment in numerous ways. For example, you can turn on a vibrating bed, play a piano, get a drink out of a soda machine, turn radios and televisions on and off, look through hidden cameras, etc. Plus with a sniper rifle you can zoom from great distances and there is a camera where you follow the bullet until it reaches your enemy.The play control of this game is very smooth. Moving around, aiming, and shooting in this game is a sinch. I got used to the controls in about 10 minutes and as you use them more and more they become second nature. Plus with an innovative slow-motion feature called Bullet-Time you can move at the speed of a bullet which is very effective in situtations where you are heavily outnumbered in a room or if you just want to surprise an enemy from a short or long distance.There are several weapons you can collect in this game yo use against your enemies and they all of their own unique feature. Some of the guns are a Leadpipe, Baseball Bat, Pump-Action Shotgun, Sawed-Off Shotgun, Desert Eagle, Beretta, Ingram, Jakhammer, Colt Commando, Molotov Cocktails, Gernades, AK47, and a Sniper Rifle. Not only can you find these guns from dead enemies, they can be found in cabinets, display cases, inside of boxes, and in other hidden places. Plus, if you are low on health you can pick up Painkillers which reduce about a third of your damage. You can hold as many as 8 and you should use them wisely because they are sometimes hard to find.There are over 60 diverse, mission-based levels in Max Payne that are very complex and fun to explore. Some if the missions include jumping off a building onto a subway, escaping from a flaming restaurant, sneaking onto a boat from an abandoned shipyard, eliminating 3 mobsters in a mashion, etc. Not only are these missions well-developed but they are fun and challenging as well.The cinema in Max Payne is the best I've ever seen in a game. There are over 200 different scenes with excellent dialouge and superb voiceovers that it will seem like Max Payne is a well-made movie. Cinema scenes usually are between levels but sometimes if you find an interesting object in a level or if you encounter a devious mobster, you will get a short cienmatic dialouge. Watching these scenes builds and builds up suspense to for a show-stopping climax at the end of the game.The A.I. of this game is so incredible that I was blown away from their superb reaction. The enemies get smarter and smarter as you progress through the game. If you are the type who runs down hallways, don't expect the enemy not to hear you around the corner. Plus if an enemy is all alone and you have a more powerful weapon than they do, they will call their friends for backup. If you decide to snipe someone from a long distance, they will immediately react but either shooting back at you or they will run and hide behind boxes to get a better shot at you.The music and special effects in Max Payne does a very good job with blending in with the atmosphere. If you are duking it out with a mob boss or in a room with a lot of enemies with powerful guns you will most likely hear fast-paced music that will keep your heart racing and adrenaline pumping. But if your just walking through the snowy streets looking for weapons you'll hear a calmer beat.All in all, Max Payne is one of the greatest PlayStation 2 games ever made and it has endless replay value. I've owned this game for about three months now and I still play it everyday. And to my surprise, it hasn't become boring at all. My recommendation is to buy this game as soon as you can. You'll become hooked very quickly, and you'll love it for all the reasons that I still do today.
3	B00005OLX1	Graphics 8.5/10This isn't what counts.  As it is a PS2, they could improve the characters a little, improve them like they are in Ghost Recon.  There is a lot of fire in this game but no smoke.  I'm wondering why we aren't suffocating.  Minor flaw. the biggest problem (as well as the biggest problem in the game) is the Frame rate per minute. the FPM kind of lags a lot during gameplay, but after a while you really get used to it, and the gameplay still remains highGameplay 7.5/10The only problem I have with this game is the camera and sometimes the unfair surprise of explosions, causing the game to spend about 2 minutes loading again.  Otherwise the gameplay was smooth and rather funthis game does have the tendacy to get EXTREMELY boring, so bewareStoryline 6/10Ehhh... it's pretty much like every other PS2 game out there.  You're framed for murder and you go out to seek revenge/solitude.  The whole wife and baby deal comes into play a lot in this game.the voices suck in this game, the writing is even worse. they sound like a loser i know in the seventh grade.Controls 9.5/10Nicely done.  the trigger button is r1, which i really respect. it takes about 5 minutes until you memorize the controls completely.Music and Sounds 6/10the only reason i gave this section a 6 out of 10 is because of the sole reason that there IS no music during the game. but when there IS music (main menu and some cutscenes) i completely love it. it is mere piano music, but very seductive to my ears. The sounds are superior, as the gunshots sound like gunshots, there are grunts at the right time, and it sounds like you are actually really in a gunfight!Overall 3/5This is not a score where if you multiply it it will come to be 8/10. i would really give this game a 7.5 out of 10._______------------->>>>END REVIEW&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;----------------__________
3	B00005OLX1	This incredible game is one of the best in the action genre, setting a new standard in action gaming. The characters are complex, the violence dark, and the story involved and constantly engaging. You are Max Payne, fugitive cop out to bring down the baddies of the big city. Now, you've launched a one-man war after you lose everything you know and love. The graphics in this game are pretty good, but it is the story that keeps this game constantly interesting and fun to play for hours on end. It takes a while to get used to the controls, but once you can handle it, the fun never stops!
3	B00005OLX1	With a huge arsenal of weapons at your disposal, feel free to kill people as many different ways as you can think of. 3 chapters with approximately 8-9 levels in each chapter, this game will keep you playing for a while. Stunning graphics, and excellent enemy artificial intelligence make this game even more worth your while.  One amazing feature is &quot;bullet time,&quot; which allows you to slow down the action of your enemies, giving you an advantage in fighting them....OLD SCHOOL! So go to Lugi's if you want to get sick and DIE and leave a big garlicy corpse...or you can buy Max Payne(not window Paine, not &quot;ow that hurts&quot; pain...not even Max Pay...Oh wait, yes Max Payne)....it's your choice.
3	B00005OLX1	The Good:Lots Of Shooting,Great Missions,Loads Of FunThe Bad:ControlsGraphicsScary,Scary,ScaryThis is a great game. I have all the cheats so I have all the levels right from the start.I play all sorts of them.It's a very freaky starting in Maxes House. Overall its a very good game and I would recommend it to people 13 and over. If you get the cheat of unlimited health then you survive the whole game without dying. Slow Motion Rocks its so awsome. Rockstar games make a sequal and a Movie would be nice to!
3	B00005OLX1	This game is great!! The slow down action is cool. It's like the focus in the matrix. You can dodge bullets when in this mode, &amp; everything is enhanced. You can see the blast of your sawed off &amp; the bullet. I like it better then GTA Vice city. Vice city is a better game overall. I just prefer Max Payne. The gore, gun play, &amp; the underworld people are fun to interact with. The story is really good. The intro to the game is nice. You start out at home finding your wife &amp; kid dead.. Ugh. What a start.I can't wait to get the Xbox version. I'm very jealous of you Xbox owners. I know the games much better on your system. I might buy a Xbox just for this game. The PS2 version is GOOD!! But has glitches &amp; the framerate isn't as good as it should be. Without those flaws on the Xbox version its a must to get..
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne, from Rockstar and Remedy Entertainment, isn't just a great game.  It's a compassionate and suspenseful drama with plently of killing to satisfy any action fan.  Payne, a lonely-do-nothing kind of man is surprised to find out the gangsters who murdered his wife and child in cold blood three years ago are smuggling a very addictive drug into the country.  Armed with such weapons as Dual Ingrams, Desert Eagles and Pump Action Shotguns, Payne starts his own one man war against these gangsters with several people helping him.  The game is a fast roller coaster ride and keeps you glued to the screen.  Bullet Time, which is perhaps the greatest part of the game,allows to kill the gangsters in slow motion and watch as their blood sprays all over the wall.  With Bullet Time, every minute you feel like you're in the Matrix.  The game features a wide variety of weapons and a lot of levels and gangsters.  The game offers hours and hours of gameplay and is incredible.  However, there are several cons I'd like to address.1.  The game is way too easy and could be beaten in half a month.  There's no extremely hard puzzles and it's a basic shoot-em-up game. For example, out of five doors only one opens and all you have to do is climb staircases to other floors and shoot the bad guys there.2.  The voice-acting is horrible.3.  There is a cutscene in the beginning of every Chapter.  If you die and start over, you have to watch this cutscene over and over again and you can't skip it.4.  The blood doesn't look as realistic as it does in other shoot-em-up games.5.  When you shoot at bad guys, they all lose blood the same way.  After they're dead, you can still shoot em and get new blood but the old blood will disappear.6.  Graphics are OK, not horrible but not great.7.  Though this is a dark and violent game, I just don't seem to liek games where you only play in the dark.  There's not one level of daylight and you got to wonder:  What's Max doing during that time?Despite it's cons, the game is a must buy for fans of action and adventure game.  There's hundreds and hundreds of gangsters to shoot up and you can do some stuff you  can't do in other games such as turn on TVs, listen to the radio,  and get sodas from vending machines.Max Payne is a must get.  It's an awesome drama and deserves to be in the hands of every good gamer.
3	B00005OLX1	I heard this game was a classic, so I thought I'd give it a shot.  I got it for 1 cent in great condition from Amazon.  In 2011,  this game is still challenging.  The controls took some time to get familiar with.  The weapons menu is very easy to get used to as well.  There is action right from the start in this game.  There are some really harcore shootouts where you think that you just have no chance of surviving.  The enemy AI is pretty balanced.  Some of them will walk into some of your gunfire, but they work together with the better enemy AI to set you up for failure.  You have to be really smart on how you choose to use your weapons.  There are PLENTY of weapons in this game to get the job done.  I enjoyed the storyline in this game.  There are some levels that are so hard & frustrating that you may or will turn the game off.  You really feel like you accomplished something when you complete this game.  You really feel like you were apart of a really good movie.  The reviews scare me for Max Payne 2.  I may try it though since I can get it super cheap.  I am definitley going to get Max Payne 3 for the Xbox 360 when it comes out!
3	B00005OLX1	Owing a big debt to older John Woo films (note the reference to Chow Yun-Fat), The Matrix, and just about any crime noir film or graphic novel, Max Payne is a gritty action game that strives to be better than it is.  You play as Max Payne, former undercover cop who faces off against the mafia, the police, and anyone else who stands in his way.  The storyline of the game is your typical revenge thriller, and it is presented here via graphic novel pages complete with voice acting.  The voice acting isn't as bad as it is reputed to be, but the characterizations are so cliche and sometimes cheesy that you'll just want to skip past these parts.  The graphics are gritty looking and present the violent, gritty atmosphere of the game perfectly, and while this PS2 version of the game doesn't offer the best graphics as opposed to it's PC and XBox counterparts, they are very well done nonetheless.  The control is tight for the most part, although the jumping controls and analog stick can be a bit touchy for some.  The bullet-time feature adds a new dimension of strategy to the game allowing you to aim your weapon in real time while your enemies move extremely slow.  True, Max Payne is a very violent game, but compared to GTA 3, Vice City, or even State of Emergency, this game pales in comparison violence wise.  All in all, Max Payne is a great game despite it's shortcomings, and now that it's one of the PS2's Greatest Hits it is worth picking up.
3	B00005OLX1	I havent played the XBox version or PC versions of this game, which are supposed to be superior, but this game is a great game.  The graphics arent the best that ive ever seen on the PS2, in fact, they look just a little better than Goldeneye.  But the gameplay is great.  The controls are a little bit weird to get used to, but once you get used to them its pretty easy.  It looks alot like The World is Not Enough, but this game has one thing that alot of action games dont: depth.  The game follows a great plot throughout the game and shows great cinematics and voice-overs.  Although this is a wonderful game, weird controls and lack of too much detail in the game are its problems.  There is alot of innovative things in the game that redefine the action genre-- like those slow-movement things, and the bullets.  Rent this game before you buy it.  It is very intense at some points, and gets very hard.
3	B00005OLX1	Rockstar's Max Payne is a very cool shooter that puts you into the role of a man with nothing to lose, during a hellish winter storm in New York City.  You are Max Payne, ex undercover cop who had no friends and is out to find those who have killed his wife and young child.  The game sounds routine enought, but it is so much more than your usual role player.  The best addition to this game has to be the Bullet Time feature.  This allows you to slow down the action, frame by frame, so that Max can see the bullets being shot at him kind of Matrix style.  Basically during Bullet Time, Max kicks major [rear] and there's pretty much no stopping him.  Overall, Max Payne is a must have for any video game buff.  The game has a good solid story, with good graphics and interest features.  Those who think they are going to get their average shoot em up role player are wrong.  Max Payne is much more than that.  "I don't know about angels, but it's fear that gives men wings..."  Yeah Max.
3	B00005OLX1	I bought this game an it was worth it.  The only real problem I have is with the graphics.  In my opinion these graphics are only PSX quality.  Kind of like MGS1 graphics.  My mom says that I've been spoiled MGS2's graphics.  My mom is stupid.  Anyway other then the graphics this is a great game. Go out and get it today!
3	B00005OLX1	Okay, so this game is kind of a &quot;cult classic&quot;, but I am one of the vast numbers of gamers who can't resist the Matrix-like special effects. It just adds a really sweet touch to an otherwise &quot;been there, done that&quot; kind of game. However, it isn't without it's flaws: even with auto-aim functions enabled, our hero just can't seem to hit the broad side of a barn. That is pretty true-to-life, so I'm not complaining, but the enemies seem to be able to hit you without much of a problem.That doesn't make the difficulty on this game unbearable, though. Rather, it's kind of one of those discs you want to plug in when you want to let off some steam. After all, doesn't mowing down a bunch of thugs out for your blood make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside? (Of course, I would never condone that kind of behavior in real life. That's what these video games are for!) Summing up- this one's definitely not for the kiddies.
3	B00005OLX1	I bought Max Payne, fearing for the worst. But once I popped it in, I was mezmerised. This is an excellent purchase. I will agree, its nowhere near as Good as MGs2, but its still great. Gameplay is dangerously adictive, and the graphics are pretty slick. The only shortcoming of this game Ive found to this point is its EXCRUSIATING loading times. But what game is without shortcomings? Below are the pros, and cons of this game, I thought that would be helpfull in deciding whether or not to purchase.PROS:AddictiveEye pleasing effectsaccurate weaponryBullet TimeFun plotlineAutomatic difficulty systemCONS:slow loading timeLevels can be VERY frustratingVoice acting needs a bit of workSome of the cutscenes dont make sense.Overall though, this is a great game, loads of fun, and once you get into it, you wont even notice the few anoyances. I HIGHLY reccomend this game. Especially to anyone who likes: Perfect dark, MGS2, Grand theft auto, or Tomb Raider.Peace out! Email me about any game! I love games, and I love to review them. I hope this was helpfull to you! And keep on gaming!
3	B00005OLX1	This a really awesome video game! It has the best plot, best action, best voices. Max Payne had the American Dream; friends, house, beautiful wife, baby daughter, but one night, all that is taken away! His wife and baby were murdered by junkies on a drug called Valkyr. After three years of being undercover, he finally has a lead on a dark night and NY is having the worst snow storm ever! Max is supposed to meet Alex Balder at Roscoe Street Station. When Alex is shot, Max is framed for murder. Max must avoid the police and the Mafia in order to survive the night and get the revenge he deserves! If you love action, you'll love MAX PAYNE!!!p.s.  I can't wait to see the movie!!!
3	B00005OLX1	The original Max Payne was great.Unfortunatly,I can't say the same about the other two.The storyline in this game was fantastic.It also had a really cool creepy,eerie thriller-type of theme to it.The graphics were great.Especially for an older game.The characters look almost like real people for crying out loud! Just check out the textures and the facial features on Max and the rest of the characters,during gameplay.Hell.Even the storyboards look real.The music is also very good.Overall,Max Payne is a great action/thriller title,and I highly recommend it.
3	B00005OLX1	This was one of my favorite PS2 games to play, aside from Grand Theft Auto of course. The storyline is great and the gameplay and the game itself are fantastic. Recommended.
3	B00005OLX1	I've had this game since it first came out and I haveover a hundred video games.  Some I've sold becausethey suck (specifically, No One Lives Forever) and someI've held on to for their replay value.  This game isa keeper!I enjoyed the story line, the controls were good, and Iloved the maturity level, i.e, language and violence ofthe game.  I never tire of painting the walls with myenemy's blood.  The points at which your game were savedwere decent.The load times could've been sped up (yawn).  Thenightmare levels in which you're running around in slowmotion through dark hallways were stupid and just weren'tfun to play, so....I skipped them.This game is unlike no other and I would be surprisedif Max didn't return for a sequel on the PS2.  Definitelybuy this game!  This Payne will bring you more pleasurethan most relationships.
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne is a man with nothing to loose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, and now hunted buy the cops and the mob. Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.I would have to say that the story is well played out and the plot twist are Cool. I also like some of the chracters max runs into, ( one of them is a russian bad guy who has some many morals and rules it almost makes him one of good guys).If i could do some work to this game the only thing I would on is in some parts in the game I would like to work on the graphics a bit, becuase cars are not what they could be and building might look a little better is some levels. But aside form that i have no probs with the game, and i do plan on purchasing the Seqaul.Note: You Will Love the Slow-motion
3	B00005OLX1	I rented this game but was not able to beat it in the short time span I had! I was able to hit in some codes and try out all the weapons, so here goes....Over all the game is good, with great action movie type visuals, great gun/explosive effects and decnt cinematic scenes. The controls are hard to get used to though, and will take about an hour or more of practice to even shoot straight. And where the game turns ugly....The storyline and voice acting in this game is truly horrible! These 2 aspects really hurt the game! If you get this game, I would skip past the stupid story sequences and just play. Now that the game [costs less], I guess it's worth buying, but I would still recommend renting it and beating the game in that amount of time, so you don't have to buy it!
3	B00005OLX1	Max Payne and Grand Theft Auto 3 in my opinion were the best games of the year and both were relased by Rockstar. Max Payne has a chilling storyline and terrific graphics and gameplay. My only complaint was I really didn't like the controls on the game. I like games where you only have to use one analog stick instead of two but thats just me. That is why I gave Max Payne a 4 rather than a 5. Other than that this is a great game and you should atleast rent it to see how you like it. The storyline and the awesome moves that Max can make in the game make up for the controlling.
3	B00005OLX1	This game is an excellent shooter, has good graphics, but it is too easy. I suggest renting it for a week, so you can beat it and give it back.
3	B00005OLX1	While we're on the subject of epic genres, it's only fitting to note Max Payne.  While only composed of two games thus far, the Max Payne series offers some of the most innovative gameplay of all time.  It's in the original Max Payne that the concept Bullet Time was first introduced.  Allowing the player to put his surroundings in slow motion and pump the enemy full of lead made the game worth playing all on its own.  The fact that Max Payne is one of the best games ever constructed for the PS2 seems a mere afterthought.  Here we have a story centering on a detective looking for his family's killers in the New York City underground in the dead of winter.  Now that's cool.  Max Payne himself is a revolutionary character; your grade A badass with a take-no-prisoners mentality.  Max looks a little like Mel Gibson, and acts a little like Charles Manson.  He doesn't care, he swears, he breaks the law he has defended for years; he's a rebel without a cause.  The plot of the game is awesome, told to the player through the use of a graphic novel, pieced together by Payne just as if Batman is were on the case.  Max Payne is trule a must for any PS2 owner, a game which breaks new boundraries in video gaming, much like Rockstar's Grand Theft Auto franchise.  With the first installment being that damn good, surely Max Payne 2 would match if not exceed its predecessor, right?
3	B00005OLX3	This game is great! No, it's stupendous. It may have been stripped down a bit, so it would fit on the Game Boy, but it is fun and full of cool action and bad-@$$ fighters nonetheless. It has awesome and slick graphics, cool sounds and music, and of course some nifty and  wicked controls such as multiple punch, high power kick, and even a way to pound on your opponent and deal a ton of damage. Also, all of the very best characters are in this game. Here's how I rank all of them, from best to worst. Or favorite to least. Same thing.1. King-Always been my favorite character, still is to this day. His punches and kicks are devastating, and he is part jaguar.2. Yoshimitsu-This is a robot and a ninja put together. He wields  a glowing sword and has many punishing moves. He's a must have.3. Nina-She's one of the best villainesses of all time. Very well trained in the martial arts and has lots of tricks up her sleeve.4. Jin-Where to begin? He is a tough, no nonsense karate fighter, and is utterly intrepid and never gives up. Also is cool looking.5. Paul-Cool getup, cool hair style, cool moves. And he is a very  strong man. This guy is a challenge to nearly any Tekken player.6. Gun Jack-He's a hero, but he's an engine of destruction. He is the strongest fighter and real tough. Not too fast, but powerful.7. Heihachi-He's a cool and dastardly villain, and he's trained in the best karate. He's also the final boss in this very game.8. Hoawrang-This is a really good fighter. He has awesome powers and cool combos and is very challenging. Nice look to him, too!9. Forest Law-I like Marshall Law better, but this guy's still pretty good. I mean, he's got a way of getting around fights.10. Xiaoyu-I still think she's pretty good. Unfortunately, none of the handful of Tekken fighters I like less than her are in this game, so she has to be at the bottom. But at least it goes no lower than one that I like pretty good, instead of awful/bad.All in all, this is a terrific game and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Tekken, Mortal Kombat, or any other fight game. Trust me-it is well worth your time, effort, and of course money.
3	B00005OLX3	I never thought fighting games on the Gameboy Advance would amount to much, to be honest. I figured we'd see a whole slew of 2-D fighters, like Street Fighter-Guilty Gear and the like, swamp the system as it's geared toward 2-D gameplay because of it's processing limitations. When I saw Tekken Advance in action, I was simply amazed. I don't know how Namco managed to do it but they produced a game that looks and plays like Tekken and I love it. Sure, the control scheme is a bit different and the move sets have been scaled down a bit but this game is, definitely, Tekken. This game, for better or worse, is a scaled down version of Tekken 3. While notables like Eddy and Lei are absent, the rest of the cast is there. In this version, Heihachi serves as the game's boss. Aside from the arcade mode, the game also features a link-cable versus, time attack, survival, tag battle, versus tag battle, and practice mode.My only gripes with the game is that there is only one unlockable character in the game and, once you finish the game, there's no ending story, pictures or nothing. Credits roll, the end.Other than that, Tekken Advance is a great fighting game worthy of any Gameboy Advance owners' hard-earned buck. If you like Tekken, you're going to like this one. I know I did.
3	B00005OLX3	This game is an anomaly. It is a 3D fighter on Gameboy Advance that is as close to perfect as you could ever hope for! The characters, look like they should; the moves, with only 4 buttons, are executed flawlessly. The way the polygonal fighters look and behave PROVES that it could be done right. If you can play this on your system; Gameboy Advance, Gameboy Advance SP, Gameboy Micro, Nintendo DS or Nintendo DS Lite. You must play this.
3	B00005OLX3	Now that I have actually played and bought the game, i can safely say Tekken deserves the 4 stars i gave it.  The gameplay is similar enought to T3 so that T3 players can jump right in.  I found the new controls to be more "user friendly" than the four button and joystick scheme.  I can finally pull off 10 hit combos and certain quickie moves.  One thing i liked about the character roster:  i was familiar with all of those characters (two things: no more Eddy "cheapo" Gordo!!).  I would've liked to see True Ogre, Julia Chang, and Bryan Fury.  Maybe there'll be a sequel (are you listening, Namco?!!)
3	B00005OLX3	This game is real fun to play.Especially over and over again.Its fun and easy to play with great action and graphic design make this a must buy.(I only gave it 4stars because it gets sort of boring, BUT STILL FUN:-)
3	B00005OLX3	This game is a 3D fighting game based around Tekken 3, with 9 playable fighters (Xiaoyu, Yoshimitsu, Nina, Law, Gun Jack, Hwoarang, Paul, King and Jin). With the Playstation version of this fighting game, for each character you beat the game with, it will play a movie and you will earn a new playable fighter, however, it is not like this in the Gameboy Advance version. When you beat the game, the credits roll and that is it, you do not get any specialized ending nor an extra playable fighter. Also, Heihachi is the leader of the game, and not Ogre like in Tekken 3 (Heihachi may also be unlocked if you beat the game with all 9 fighters). This is a true 3D fighting game, unlike Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat games, with Tekken Advance the camera will zoom in and out of the battle as you fight, also the fighter can move to a different angle to avoid attacks. The buttons are very simple, having only a kick button (A), a punch button (B) and a "close attack" button (R). With Tekken the "close attack" would usually grapple your opponent and do a devastating move, with Tekken Advance it performs a specific combo, like a few punches or kicks. Another great thing about this game are the modes of play, such as arcade, verses battle (for two players), time attack, survival, practice, and even an incredible tag battle mode, where you select 3 fighters, then the computer will pit you against 3 random opponents. You can even tag out by pressing select to your different partners! The game even keeps track of the energy. All this being said, the game has great graphics, sound a unique 3D feel, but not enough players or diversity to hold your interest more than a few months.
3	B00005OLX3	Enjoyed the game play it frequently never gets old i you like gbs games this is a good one to get
3	B00005OLX3	that this...game could be so good it has its downs but the ups out way the downsups...one of the best fighting gameshas LAW my fav. fightergraphicsall the different modesdownsonly 1 secret fighternot all the people from tekenso i think this really deserves a 4.75 for lack of fighters but it is still alot of bang for your buck but i would of paid an extra $10 to have all the fighters in it
3	B00005OLX3	This game really shows what the game boy advance can do.  The characters on the game are just sprites from the original tekkens from playstation, but they still look pretty good!  Its almost an exact port, and the graphics and the scenery on the game will amaze you.  You will hardly even know you are playing it on a game boy.  The fighting system is great with really smooth controls and more.  Yet it doesnt introduce anything new to the tekken world, hence the 4 star rating.  nevertheless if you like fighting games, especially tekken, this is one you just cannot live without!
3	B00005OLX3	Yes, you basically only have three attack buttons. B for kick, a for punch, and R1 for throws so you can imagine that you won't be able to pull off as many combos in the arcade. But despite that it's amazing how many of the regular characters' moves are actually in the game. You can still do cheapo air combos, play the hit and run game, or just tap your opponent constantly to annoy him. Characters included by default are Paul, Nina, Yoshimitsu, Jin, Hwoarang, King, Xiaoyu, Law, and Gun Jack with Heihachi as a boss. Graphics wise, it's pretty good although you can expect it to be pixelatted. Little worse looking than the original Tekken for PS1. You'l also notice the game feels a bit more sluggish than the PS2 or arcade versions of Tekken. Takes some getting used to but you'll probably eventually ignore this. It definitely doesn't have that smooth play feel like Tony Hawk. Fun factor for this game? Definitely a good port game for the Tekken player who's got time before finals or long waits at airports. The average player or Tekken haters probably might not like the game from the average/pixellated graphics or sluggish feeling controls at first. Still though, I loved the game being the Tekken fan that I am and it's nice to see my fav characters like Jin and Xiaoyu in a portable system. I just gotta wonder why in the world they included Gun Jack instead of Eddie Gordo? He'd have been a better choice.
3	B00005OLX3	It's been said that it's not the size of the dog in the fight, but rather the the size of the fight in the dog. The same can be said for TA.Despite it's smallish stature, the game packs more than brawlers more than games 20x it's size. Although they won't floor you (c'mon it's a 16 bit system for cryin out loud)!! The games graphics are just good enough to get the job done. The characters are recognizable and perform all the attacks they did in Tekken 3 (as if u didn't notice!!!) You can also side step in 3-D thanks to some nifty pseudo 3-D effects. The game sounds great,too. Kicks and punches produce a satisfying thud while the thumping techno soundtrack provides the perfect musical accompaniment. All the familiar voices from King's roar to Yoshimitu's otherworldlycries are included too. On the down side, the character roster is a bit skecthy (where are Eddy and Law?)And you need 2 copies of the game to play vs. mode. Still TA more than does the series justice, and is a worthwhile diversion for those of us who are waiting on the ever anticipated Tekken4 .
3	B00005OLX5	Monster Rancher 3 is quirky, great looking, and a ton of fun.  The premise is simple enough- you select a monster to take through training exercises, building various attributes like speed and strength, and then enter them into tournaments wear they duke it out with other monsters.  Several aspects of gameplay add depth to the basics.First off, you can 'find' different monsters on any CD or DVD.  The game reads certain information from each disk you place in the PS2 and unlocks a corresponding monster for you to train.  In other words, all of your music, movies and games unlock different monsters- some of which are very rare.  It's also great fun when a disk you use unlocks a monster that seems to be associated with whatever the disk is- try using a Godzilla DVD or Parappa the Rapper or Tenchu: Stealth Assassins game for the PS One, for example.  You'll get some amusing and rare monsters to train.You can customize each of your charges as well.  In addition to being able to buy the accessories like armor, you select which attributes they should focus on in their training and which they should let atrophy.  You can also set which techniques they'll be able to use in combat.Combat is fast and furious.  The tactics you'll find the most success with are dependent on your monsters.  Big, lumbering monsters are better played defensively, waiting for that one slip up before they strike, while speed demons can do well playing aggressively.  You'll fight in either round robin or elimination tournaments for prizes, more cash for training and feeding your monster, or certification to fight at the next highest tier.  The game is not terribly difficult once you know what you are doing, but it still tends to be fun.MR3 has good replay value since there are so many monsters to discover and train, each with a unique personality and tactics. It can get a little stale from time to time, since the routine changes only slightly. The multiplayer aspect of the game is also somewhat limited as it requires each player to spend time in the single player game training up a stable of monsters to compete against othe players.All in all, a very good game that will capture your interest, even if only for a little while.
3	B00005OLX5	I love this series. I was kind of dissapointed when they left out my favorite monster(Monol). But, I love the Pokorins! They are cute and everything you could want. That is the whole formula that makes this game a sucess. Memorable monsters. Everyone I know who has played this game has their favorite. Mine is Pokorin, one of my friend's is those bird men(the names escape me right now), another one's is dragon. This game is SO GREAT! I bought it in september, and I have played it almost every night to The begining of december. I am probably gonna pick it up again the day after Christmas. The reason, and there is ONLY 1!, that I put it down was that I thought I would get sick of it. Get off your butt, grab your wallet/purse, grab your car keys, get in the car, go to your nearest Video game dealer, buy MR3, go home, pop it in your PS2, play it, and do this all... NOW!!!
3	B00005OLX5	this game is fun. there are new monsters to unlock, the battle system is good, and the story line is good too. but lolocking monsters can take a long time if you have alot of C.D's. And 1 thing i thought is really good, once you unlock a monster there is a profile of which monsters you get and if a monster you really like dies, you can unlock it for the profile. i kinda wish they didn't take out the Phonix monster from moster Racher 2.For the power of the monster i suggest you power up 1.) life 2.)speed 3.) power. i've done best with the 3 things. over all the game is fun.
3	B00005OLX5	I would have given this 5 stars but.... It has no way to breed the Monsters together like you could in the first two games.I love the new faster battles you seem to have much more control  and the Graphics are almost perfect almost like you are watching a cartoon. (about fighting monsters) the only other thing I missed was not being able to bring monsters you had raised from the first two games over since the ps2 games can't access the ps1 card. I do like this very much though.
3	B00005OLX5	I eagerly anticipated buying this game because I absolutely loved the first two Monster Rancher games. I had always loved the ability to spawn my own monsters from my compact discs, and I knew that the newest addition, that of DVD spawning would bring another entertaining aspect to the game. Also, I had been impressed by the momentous jump in-between the first and the second in gameplay and graphics, and just knew that it would continue to get even better. Well, I was right, and the Monster Ranching just keeps on improving! There are oceans of new items to obtain, more new monsters to add to the ranks, different areas to train you monsters in (and a new setup to help you along with your acquisition of moves), some nice diversions in the main storyline that introduce a variety of odd characters and their lights, plus an interesting feature that lets you take the &quot;heart&quot; of your deceased monsters and combine them (and some of those hard-to-obtain skills) into your latest fighter.Its a title that kids can enjoy, plus something that is utterly addictive to everyone else in-between. Those cute little killers are well worth your time.
3	B00005OMZU	This game is very realistic:1)  If you think too long to answer, the other players will vote you off.2)  This happened to me during a tie-breaker:  3 players left; and everyone got 1 vote.  Strongest Link had to decide who to vote off, and since I voted for them, they changed their voted and voted for me even though I wasn't the weakest, but because I voted for them.  I was impressed.3)  If you think Ann is intimidating on TV, wait 'til you buy this game.  Everytime you choose the &quot;Single Player&quot; she cracks how you don't have any friends to play with, or if you pick the &quot;Bend the rules&quot; option, she says &quot;I guess you do need to cheat to win.&quot;  &lt;So Funny&gt;4)  Unlike other trivia games, this one has 100,000 questions!!(So I heard)  I played it and no repeats yet and even if you might see a repeat, you have to be a real rain-man to memorize all the answers.However, this game needs online multiplayer!  If it will in future editions, this should challenge other game like You DOn't Know Jack as the best trivia game of all times.
3	B00005OMZU	Feisty Anne Robinson scolds and punishes us in this brilliant and fun remake of the successful Brit import game show &quot;The Weakest Link&quot;.A wonderful recreation of the actual TV game show, we are forced to undergo everything actual contestants endure on the show; time pressured questions, stupid team mates, and a sultry school marm berating us all the way.The voting is fun. I have yet to deduce any set patterns in voting from my fellow team mates. Truly, they surprise me regularly during the game, and I too have fallen under the wrath of being voted out of the game.The questions challenging, and some are easy, and after regular play for about two weeks, I am not getting a blaze of repeated questions yet as it happens in some other games. you can adjust question difficulty, as well as the types of questions asked.One glitch: I was disappointed that I had to choose a character to become, rather than being me, but you find someone like yourself and still go along for fun.I highly recommend this game for any Weakest Link fans and those daring enough to undergo Anne's wicked glare.
3	B00005OMZU	This is by far the best game show made on cd-rom i have ever seen the music is just like the show i love this game.
3	B00005OMZU	Wow, agree after having read all the other reviews.  Being a fan of the TV show, I had to get this game.  Definitely worth it, and plays well.  My wife actually made it past 3 or 4 rounds against all computer players.  If you want to make it to the final round, pick all humans, come in at the 4th or 5th round, and bank early and often.  Especially after you read the question.  Keep all your fingers on the right keys.  With the upcoming demise of the TV show, and if you are a fan, run out and get this game [$]well spent.Technical glitches;  Once I cursored across the contestant selection, I couldn't back track.  Anyone else have this problem?My other suggestion is a face-maker like in the Hoyle games so you can be yourself.  Otherwise fabulous.
3	B00005OMZU	When I first got this game, I didn't know if I'd like it.  To tell the truth, I find the real TV show rather insulting!  But I have to admit, I've gotten lots of hours of fun and entertainment from this.  You have to leave your ego and seriousness at the door.  At first, I didn't like the personality selections they give you (I usually play alone).  They all seem a little screwy.  But after I decided not to take myself seriously and started picking the various personalities, I had a ball!  I even tried the teenagers and members of the opposite sex just for a little variation.  I did get a bit of a surprise when I was down to the final 3 and (as the strongest link) got voted off!  It really irked me when Anne came on and scolded me for not being too smart!  Like I said, don't take yourself seriously with this game, or you might as well as play something else!  I also like playing the different levels!  This CD is lots of fun and you don't find yourself answering the same questions over and over.  Lots of variations!  Go for it and have fun, even if you end up the WEAKEST LINK -good bye!
3	B00005OMZV	Doom is a great game.  it was the most advanced of its time (early 90's) and probably the only really good game back then.  however, this collector's edition box really is nothing.  in the box: one doom collector's edition cd.  that's it.  there is nothing else in there but the box.  no certificate, although the paper in the case labeling it &quot;DOOM collectors edition&quot; has a number on it, but it is barely noticeable.  however, if you have never played DOOM and want to experience, then buy it.  it has extra chapters that are not found on the shareware version.  meh, but i returned it and got black and white instead.  the CD only holds 108 megs of data and can run on my AMD k6 2 350 MHZ with a SiS 530 integrated graphics chipset with 8 megs of shared grafix RAM.  good game, bad package.
3	B00005OMZV	This is the ultimate Doom collection for PC, containing all three Doom classics. The gaming addiction that took computers by storm back in the early to mid 1990's has returned once again in this awesome Collector's Bundle, which contains Doom, Doom 2, and Final Doom. Sure, these games are old, but hey, when it comes to Doom, I have NO problem being nostalgic! Doom rocks!And for all the religious fanatics who protest against Doom because it contains violence, gore, and satanic imagery, let me say this: ID Software could have just as easily created a first-person shooter game where you go to heaven (instead of hell) and kill angels and God (instead of demons and zombies), but they didn't. So be grateful, you zealots, and shut the heck up!By the way, if you're a true Doom fan, please stay away from Doom 3. You'll probably end up being disappointed like I did. Doom 3 is just a clone of Resident Evil and every level is totally dark and boring. Please, do the right thing, and stick to the original classics in this bundle!Enough said.
3	B00005OMZV	Of course you have to take a step back to the time it was published, but for the time period it was released it was the most revolutionary game ever made.  Wolfenstein 3D came out first, and it was a good game, but did any game make you jump out of your seat like Doom?  Plus, at the time it came out - what was the competition?  Commander Keen?  Epic Pinball?  Doom was the first game that compelled people to rush out and buy a computer - simply for the purpose of playing this game!Remember kiddies, there was no such thing as 3D acceleration when this game came out.  In fact, video cards were rarely looked at when purchasing a computer.  Now aside from processor power, it's probably the most important piece of hardware gamers look at.  Before Doom came out, the PC wasn't even considered a viable gaming platform.  That's saying a lot!Don't forget, Id Software also revolutionized the entire idea of shareware.  Companies like Apogee pioneered the idea but they included maybe one level of a game in their shareware.  Id was the first to distribute shareware that was good enough to be considered a game in itself.  The entire first episode was given out - for free!  By the time you were finished, you *had* to buy the remaining two levels.  It turned the gaming industry's arrogant &quot;no return&quot; policy on its head.  Decision to purchase a game was (finally) based on the strength of the demo instead of slick ads or clever packaging.It's a bummer this contains &quot;only&quot; Doom.  As this was a DOS game, I would suggest Activision (Id or whoever owns the license now) come up with a real collector's bundle containing Doom, Doom 2, the Master Levels, etc... and revamp the startup software so it'll run good on current PC's.  If they were really ambitious, they could even revamp the game to allow internet play.That said, Doom is the best PC game ever made, not only for the game itself but for its impact on the computer industry.
3	B00005OMZV	Doom was THE most famous game of the early ninties. Games such as Heretic and Duke Nukem could not beat it then, and still not now.Doom Collector's Edition is perfect for getting the games that made legend, and is only 10.00 dollars at most stores. However, if you never liked Doom, this collection won't do a thing to change your mind. Includes The Ultimate Doom, Doom II, and the fan-made Final Doom. Recommended.
3	B00005OMZV	Didn't matter if you owned a Macintosh or a Windows PC back in the early-to-mid 90's, Doom was it! The pixelated monsters and the bloody, dark, hellish levels and atmosphere was nothing like you had ever seen on your 13&quot; monitor.  The Midi soundtrack, the possibilities, the action, the fun, the immersion, Doom is what started it all in the FPS genre.Doom is a nostalgic romp for those of us who got high on 3D graphics when they were first introduced back in the day, and if only they could release a boxed version tweaked to run on today's PC's without hassle, it'd be even better.  If you buy this set, be sure to check out jdoom.com and download the 3D patches for the game to enjoy it in a tolerable 3D mode for today's PC's.I don't know that younger people will feel as strongly about Doom I&amp;II and Ultimate Doom as someone like myself and others in their late 20's and early 30's, but if you want to know what it was like back then, check it out.Doom is a classic that compares to what Pac Man, Donkey Kong and Pong did for video games.
3	B00005OMZV	What more can Doom offer? In this bundle, not much, but just incase you missed the Doom craze back in 1994 - 1997, here is the plot of it. You are a lone soldier sent out on a first person shooter to annihilate creatures, goat headed demons, imps, zombie soldiers, and huge cybernetic spider masterminds. So what do you get with this "Collector's Bundle?" all of the official Doom releases, starting with the Ultimate Doom, which is the original 27 levels of Doom, plus an extra tough 9 additional levels. Then when you defeat that, move on to Doom 2, which is 32 levels with new monsters, such as the Chain Gunners, Pain Elementals, and the Arch Vile and others, but still the same old weapons and graphics. The levels are incredibly detailed with 100s of new wall textures, where you actually believe you are in a city slum overrun by monsters, and you go to the lair of the monsters to destroy the big bad bosses. Finally included on the single CD-ROM that comes in this bundle is Final Doom. Most Doom players missed out on this because it was an expansion pack released for Doom 2, which contains 64 new levels! However, they are nothing you should go running to it just adds to the longevity and difficulty of Doom. This bundle is pretty bad, especially when it comes in a box and not a single jewel case (because everything is on a single CD-ROM)!
3	B00005OMZV	Doom is a very good first person shooter and next to wolf3D it is the greatest game ever made. Wolf3D is the grand daddy of morden 3D games but it was Doom which made the world sit and take notice. Without Doom there would be no multiplayer tournaments, I think doom is the game which started the multiplayer games with co-operative and deathmatch gameplay. You play a soldier sent to another planet to destroy the aliens and save the world, The gameplay is very good and the controls are very easy to use. The length of all the games are very good. Finally i think an OpenGL patch for Doom called GLDoom was made by a gamer using the doom source code. I read that on the net a long time ago. They could have included that patch in this edition. If you like doom then get Heretic, Hexen and Wolfenstein3D you will like them too.
3	B00005OMZV	DOOM Collector's Bundle(2002). A compilation containing Doom 1, its expansion "Thy Flesh Consumed", Doom 2, and two of the three Final Doom scenarios: "TNT" and "Plutonia".This is it. THE granddaddy of all FPS games. THE second (don't forget about Wolfenstein!!). The game which started an online multiplayer revolution. The game which introduced us to 3-dimensional virtual environments. The game that has spawned countless clones. The game that supposedly influences people to violently attack each other in real life (riiiight...). The game that manages to successfully combine Mars, Hell, and chainsaws in a way that makes sense to the objective of the game. Onto the review...I've been playing DOOM for 10 years like a lot of us here have, though I was introduced to it in a bit of a different context than most. Back in 1994, I started off with the crappy Sega 32X version (yeah, go ahead and laugh. It only had 17 levels, and NO CYBERDEMON!!). I also tried several other console versions (keep in mind back then I had NO access to a PC at all!). I fell in love with DOOM, but felt that the versions I had were waaay too short, so you can understand my sheer disappointment upon purchasing the official strategy guide (designed for the PC version), just to figure out that the version I had was poorly put together and missing a lot of levels/monsters. Then in '96 upon the launch of the Playstation, I bought DOOM and Final DOOM, which proved to be the best console versions out there, featuring a lot more of the PC levels and a creepy soundtrack. I was set for a while.But over the years I kept hearing people say that the PC versions were the best ones, so out on a whim a few months ago I found this collection for 10 bucks and figured, "Why not?". And now I know what everyone was talking about. Wow. This is perhaps one of the best game purchases I've ever made. Simply put, these games were meant to be played on a PC (seeing as it was where they started from in the first place). The fast pace, the surprisingly excellent keyboard interface, and all the other stuff that I was missing out on... all here.But enough about that. Onto the games themselves. So what's Doom about? Well, you're a marine stationed on a martian moon base who managed to get caught up in the middle of a hellish invasion of demons spawning out of "gateways". These demons killed everyone already and are still up to no good, so it's up to you to destroy every last one of them just to be on the safe side. That's the premise. No lengthy cut-scenes, hour-long tutorials, plot twists, shops, experience building, friendly characters or anything else that's useless when it comes down to simply taking everything out.Most new-generation gamers might glance at Doom and slag off the game for its "archaic graphics" or "mindless key collecting simplicity". Sure, the game may not seem like much on paper, but DOOM's true bright spot often escapes them. It's something that not even the new DOOM 3 successfully touched upon. What I'm talking about is the ingenius design of it all fit into one incredible package of solid gaming. EVERYTHING is designed to be memorable! The monster variety, the different weapon strategy interplays, the mind-bending scope of the labyrinthine level designs which vary enough to always keep things interesting... hell, even the sound effect of a door opening is easily distinguishable and you can tell it came from DOOM.Besides that, the best things about the games are the dark hallways with scares lurking around every corner, large open environments that let you strafe around and take out legions of monsters, the berserk pack, folding 10 zombies with the double barrel shotgun, and the Barons of Hell. Those guys are tough. Same with the Arch Viles. I was going to take off a star for the exclusion of the "Master Levels" Final Doom scenario, but it more than makes up for the fact that YOU CAN DOWNLOAD COUNTLESS #s OF EXTRA LEVELS ONLINE! All this even after finishing the 120+ levels between the 3 games for just 10 bucks... sign me up!So what has DOOM taught us? Let's quickly run through the games:DOOM 1-The martian moons apparently have vast mountain ranges and breathable atmospheres, despite their size.-War-hardened undead zombie soldiers always make cuddly teddy bear sounds when you kill them.-Cacodemons are really just hugely inflated horned crunchberries. (My chaingun says, "GET BACK IN THE CEREAL BOWL!!")-The Cyberdemon's presence is ALWAYS overwhelming.-The master guardian of Hell (a.k.a. Spider Mastermind) is apparently Krang from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon, only he's sitting on top of a mechanized quadra-ped machine gun mounted vehicle, and he's really ticked off at you.-Hell's ultimate plans for Earth are to dismember a poor field rabbit. (just watch the ending)DOOM II-Nasty room full of imps = Hell. Double barrel shotgun blast to the face = Heaven.-Fire hurts. A lot. Especially if it's coming from an Arch Vile.-The Manacubus needs to cover up. Seriously.-The Revanent's rocket launcher is the best gun in the game that you'll never have.-If the Cacodemons are crunchberry look-a-likes, then Pain Elementals are the equivelent of Reece's puffs cereal.FINAL DOOM-...Is really not "final" at all. Good, because I've been playing this nonstop for 4 months now, and I don't want it to end!So there you have it. One of the best gaming deals that money can buy. There's 5 difficulty settings, so it'll certainly keep you hooked, though the only true way to play DOOM is on Ultra-violence or Nightmare. This will be enjoyed for generations to come. Recommended to all who have even the slightest curiosity about DOOM.
3	B00005OMZV	this game pack saddly to say is incompleat it doesn't include final doom.That is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5.final doom was released about 5 years ago in limited quantities and if it had been part of this pack it would be a  true collectors edition. If you get this pack try to find the final doom to have the compleat doom series.maybe write to activision to get them to release a true collectors set.
3	B00005OMZV	I don't know why so many people on this site are complaining. This compilation is flawless. You've got everything you need here! You don't need some fancy jewel case or some detailed manual to play this. Anyway, let's split up what's in this package and get on with the review.......Ultimate Doom: The one that started it all. The Ultimate Doom is basically the first Doom, but with 9 levels to add to the other 27, totaling 36. My favorite installment in this package.Doom II: The direct sequel to Doom, adding the Super Shotgun, twice the number of enemies, 32 new levels, and plenty of other extras. This entry feels a bit different than its predessor, but still, it's a fine entry in the Doom universe.Final Doom: Other than 64 new levels, this entry adds nothing new to the franchise. It's still very enjoyable, but it does lose some of its charm for adding nothing we've seen before. It's still a very fun and enjoyable game, though.Bottom Line: Just grab this. It'll run on any computer manufactured after 1995, and all of the games here are still fun and addictive (even after 10+ years!). Add to all that the low price, and this excellent compilation will completely change your opinion on a vacation in Hell.
3	B00005OMZV	Ok, this is quite simple :)I first played doom and doom 2 when they came out all those years ago and I was hooked from the word go. Over the years. . like many I suspect I misplaced the original disks and recently decided to play the games again as in a few months I will be able to play Doom 3.One of the things I remember about the Doom series is the music. . it set a great atmosphere. On playing this particular format I noticed that the music had changed. In the configuration I was only able to set the number of channels for the game music, sound effects etc. There was no way to select the appropriate sound card option i.e Ad Lib sound blaster or pc speaker.The game instead comes with this horrible very un tributery old bit like sound that you cannot associate with a sound card. Not only that but on opening the box all I actually saw were two disks in a plastic case. Ok, it only cost me 16 dollars but I would at least expect to find some form of manual. For this reason I cannot give this version the five stars that it deserves for being a real masterpeice of a 3d shooter.I do not recommend this one to anyone unless they are prepared to either listen to the music that this game offers or like me are prepared to go without music.
3	B00005OMZV	I DID IT, I BEAT DOOM 2 ON THE SECOND HARDEST DIFFICULTY LEVEL, WHEW it took me about a month to though. Being a younger gamer I never had the chance to play these classics (hmmmm, it doesnt warp my mind like so many people thought, weird) But I love em, doom 2 never got repetative, don't know why, I guess it was the brillant level design and well paced difficulty (at least on the first four difficulty settings , good luck trying to get through the hardest) the first one got a little repetative after the first 2 acts (I HATE cyberdemons). If the graphics are too hard on your eye go to fileplanet and download the latest version of jdoom, it will ease the pain.
3	B00005OMZV	Doom was and still is a great game.  You get all the orginal Dooms on the CD.  A warning to you windows XP/2000 users, the mouse wil not work.  (...)  I highly recomend getting it.  (You will need the Wad's on the CD).I only have one bad thing to say about the bundle:  You don't get any of the CD tracks that came with the orginal Doom!On the good side:  I'm having more fun playing it than I did Doom3.  I know it sounds crazy but it is true.  Doom1 just had better level designers behind it.All in all if you played the orginal Doom I would recommend getting this just for kicks.
3	B00005OMZV	With all the &quot;DOOM 3&quot; advertisements springing up lately, I've recently developed a hankering to revisit the orginal &quot;Doom&quot; titles. I thought it would be fun to play them all over again and maybe that would hold me over untill &quot;Doom 3&quot;. I was out trying to locate the games when I stumbled upon this little jem. This concluded my guest in an instant. &quot;Doom&quot;, &quot;Doom II&quot;, and &quot;Final Doom&quot; all on one CD ROM. Thats some 60 levels which means hours upon hours of game play. This is a perfect collection to hold you over for &quot;Doom 3&quot; and once it comes out you will have the complete &quot;Doom&quot; collection at your finger tips. Lock, load, and kiss your social life goodbye! &quot;Doom&quot; is making a comeback.
3	B00005OMZV	The Doom games have and always will be some of my favorite FPS games ever. They are all still fun to play after all these years and if you enjoyed them back then, you will most likely enjoy them now. Now the reason I bought this is because I had misplaced my old Doom 2 floppys and since my original Doom is on floppys I decided to just get this to have them on one cd. The collection is pretty cheap by todays standards at around $15. However, the contents of the collection basically use the old saying, "You get what you pay for." In this case the games themselves are great and you get Doom 1 through Final Doom so you will be kept busy for a while. It is a bit disappointing that no physical manuals are provided and that the games come in a simple jewel case and use the old Windows 95 launcher but its still worth it. Along with the games you also get some preview material for Doom 3. Since I already own Doom 3 I have never looked at the preview material so I don't know how good it is. Anyways despite the skimpy case and not getting any manuals, the games themselves are what make this worth buying.
3	B00005OV6N	Dark Age of Camelot (DAoC) provides a very different MMORPG experience for those seeking one.  I played Everquest for years and had grown quite comfortable with the leveling structure, experience &amp; combat systems, and difficulty.  Because you could just as easily find a spec chart and description of the game somewhere else, I'm going to compare DAoC to Everquest, for those players considering buying DAoC.Plusses:-Camp times are almost non-existant.  While down time certainly exists, there's almost no &quot;waiting for repop&quot; time, like there constantly was in Everquest.  Rare spawns and perms respawn within a reasonable amount of time throughout the game, never taking longer than two or three hours at the most (compared to oh, say, the Raster camp from EQ...average of 90?  100 hours?).-Twinking is impossible.  One of DAoC's unique features is assigning a level to all of the items in the game.  Items too high level for your character will not give you their maximum benefits and will degrade much faster, thereby preventing people from handing down gratuitously good equipment to their lower level characters.  Because items are only useful within a 3-4 level range (above or below), DAoC's economy will remain much more stable than Everquest's for a long time.  Instead of hunting in a dungeon to get loot that sells to players half your level, you go into a dungeon and get loot that's better than what you're using.-The quest system is much more user friendly.  A built in journal tracks your progress and next step, and the quests are fun and much more engaging than the average EQ quest, where most of your time was spent camping some monster.-The classes are infinitely more balanced than in Everquest.  I've only played in the realm of Albion, but within Albion every class has its strengths and weaknesses which manage to balance each other out.  There's also a lot more variety between individual characters of the same class; every level you are awarded &quot;spec points&quot; which can be used to increase specific skills your character uses.-The player versus player system is for the most part excellent.  There's an appropriate battleground for every level so you can PVP without fear of being victimized by people twice your level.  Teamwork PVP is intense, engaging, and absolutely necessary, because DAoC rewards you in PVE for being effective in PVP.  Players can also choose whether or not to participate in PVP; the game never requires it, and you can go for pretty much the entire game without worrying about it if you so choose.Minuses:-You level really quickly compared to Everquest.  While some might consider this a good thing, it makes the overall amount of game time much smaller.  Players have gone from level 1 (minimum) to 50 (maximum) within a period of a couple weeks of dedicated play, whereas a similar level jump in Everquest would take months, possibly years.-The game is incomplete, and more is added slowly via patches.  While this may discourage many people, it shouldn't, as all MMORPGs function this way.
3	B00005OV6N	I came to this game after a year of EQ and 2 years of Asheron's, and this was a welcome change! Fantastic graphics, great quest system, and MOST of the people playing are really cool. Although there is lots to do as a solo player, most of the fun is done in groups. So being an idiot does not get you anywhere here like in other games :) So many critters to hunt and different character types to play. There is an excellent crafting system for weapons, armor, and now Spellcrafting and Alchemy. Also, the Realm vs. Realm fighting is a total blast! Nothing like running around in other realms with your friends hunting down the enemy! Oh yeah, and horses to ride :) There are some issues that need to be resolved, but Customer Support is superior and bugs/issues get taken care of promptly. If you need an online addiction, look no further.
3	B00005OV6N	During its prime, I consider it one of the greatest MMO experiences I have ever had to fortune to partake in. DAoC is like an old girlfriend from my youth. We had great times together, many fond memories, but both of us have changed too much to ever get back together again. Never realized those times I had would be once in a lifetime. I made so many friends who I'll never meet in real life. Don't know what you have till it's gone has never been so true. To DAoC, and all the veteran players, thank you for the good times and all the&#65279; treasured memories. You are truly missed.
3	B00005OV6N	The first thing that struck me was that this was a massively multiplayer game that ACTUALLY WORKED RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. I installed it, downloaded the update, made a character, and began playing. My character was level 5 by the end of the night. I played EQ a little, but not very much because I found it boring. This game has been very exciting...during class I've been wishing I could run back to my dorm to play it a little while longer. There is a very comfortable learning curve as well. I didn't have any problems learning how the interface worked and how to control my character. It may appear at first that there aren't many options for making a character (only 4 races per kingdom, and 4 classes) but actually, once a character reaches level 5, they can choose a more specific class to expand to (from Viking to Berserker, Thane, Warrior, or Skald, for example) which bestows new and special powers to develop over time. This game is a lot of fun, and I reccommend it to fans of games like Everquest.
3	B00005OV6N	WOW! This game rocks socks. You can hunt solo and with groups but if you are a magic character then I suggest you should hunt in a group. The trade skills are awsome even though I am sort of upset that you can only buy materials in shops and can't find them off monsters and stuff like in Ultima Online. The game has about 1/4 as much lag as Asherons Call and Everquest and it has 1/8 as much lag as the 3D Ultima Online. I have played every MMORPG such as Asherons Call, Ultima Online, Everquest, and Anarchy Online and this one is my second favorite (my first favorite is asherons call). And wen the hunting gets boring you can go into frontier and fight players from other realms in team based warefare and you can also create siege weapons even though they are extremely hard to make. Frontier is sort of like Team Fortress Classic but it is an RPG, it is about 100 times bigger with around 500 players (at least), it requires a lot of team work, and it is much harder to get up again and get back to where you were when you die. If you are a fan of Everquest, Ultima Online, Asherons Call, or Anarchy Online (if there are any) then you should definately get this awsome Online RPG.Sincerely,Mafila in Albion on theGuenivere Shard.
3	B00005OV6N	I've logged well over 100 hours on this game since I started playing it about six weeks ago, and let me tell you, it has been fabulous!  I've barely even looked at any other games since this one came out.  I had never really played online role-playing games much before this, although I am familiar with several.  I decided to try out Everquest and Dark Age of Camelot to see which one was better.  After trying them both out, I feel that DAoC is definitely the way to go.  I chose to play a Paladin in the King Arthur-based realm of Albion.  But, there are many other choices of characters in the game, with two other realms, a couple dozen character classes, and unique specializations within each class.  In fact, taking realm, class, and specialization into account, I would say that you have well over 100 career options open to you, each of them unique.My experience playing the game has been very enjoyable so far.  I am not yet high enough to venture out into the PvP-dominated frontier areas, so I will leave that for others to comment on (it sounds like a blast, though...)  I have been spending my time adventuring around within the "core" realm of Albion, fighting monsters, doing quests, learning tradeskills, making friends, and just generally immersing myself in another world.  The game has EXCELLENT graphics (much better than EQ), the sound effects are nice and realistic without being too annoying, the music is pretty good (it only plays when you are fighting or entering a city or town), and the combat and spell animations are top-notch.  There are a lot of quests contained within the game, with worthwhile rewards and a good return on money and experience.The game, being new, naturally has fairly stringent hardware requirements.  If you have the required hardware, though, I have found that the game will run just fine on a plain old 56K modem (though I have encountered some lag in large cities).  And of course, since it is an online game, there will be the occasional crash.  However, crashes have been few and far between.  Loading the game, setting up my account, and running the game have all been problem-free.The manual included with the game is a little skimpy, and the map, while useful to beginners, isn't really all that great.  But, there are many, many player-run online sites that have up-to-the-minute information on the game, excellent maps, monster locations, quest information, guides and advice for playing the various classes, and much more.  By all means, use these resources, they will enhance the gameplay tremendously.Another thing I like about this game is that soloing is a viable option, whether you are playing a "tank" class like an Armsman or a Paladin, or a casting class like a Theurgist or a Sorceror.  Each class has its own strengths and weaknesses, but a player who knows what he is doing can solo succesfully in each of them.  That's good for players like me, who doesn't always feel like finding a group to play with.Of course, if you are interested in grouping, that is a lot of fun, too.  A team of players can take on monsters that none of them could handle individually.  Most classes have special skills and abilities that are geared specifically towards grouping, such as group heal chants and spells, resurrection spells, and such.DAoC also has done away with a lot of things that, to me, make EQ annoying to play.  My favorite advantage is, you don't lose all your armor and weapons when you die and have to make a long journey to retrieve them off your corpse like in EQ.  You get a penalty in experience and a temporary constitution loss when you die, you return to your last bind point (usually in a keep or a city), and a gravestone is erected at the spot where you met your grisly end.  You can, if you choose, return to your gravestone and pray at it.  This will regain some, but not all, of the lost EXP.  In addition, a character cannot lose a level due to dying.  So, while there are penalties incurred for dying in DAoC, they are not nearly as crippling as they are in EQ.Mythic, the game's developer, is committed to supporting and expanding the world of DAoC for the foreseeable future.  They are listening to the feedback from those who play the game, and they periodically release patches aimed at fixing small player-discovered bugs in the game and also tweaking the various classes in order to improve the overall gaming experience for everyone.  Bear in mind, this game has been online less than a year.  As good as the game is, there is room for improvement, and Mythic obviously has plans to keep upgrading and improving their creation.I know there are a lot of people out there who have been playing Everquest (and Ultima Online, Asheron's Call, etc.) for a long time, and they have invested a lot of time and work in building up strong characters.  I can see why they would not be interested in starting that process all over again in a new game.  I respect that.  After all, we play these games to have fun, so we should do what we enjoy.  However, if you are new to this genre of games, or you are looking to make a switch, then in my opinion, DAoC is the only way to go.See you out there!  If you are defending Albion, may the light of Camelot shine on you.  If you are defending Hibernia or Midguard, well, all I can say is, see you on the frontier!  I hope you are ready to taste Albion steel!
3	B00005OV6N	Let's see... the only game possible to compare this to would be Everquest.While I'm not a big fan of EQ (I play AC mostly) I find that DoaC has taken all the good parts of EQ - and then improved them dramatically!In addition, whilst I've not yet been able to actually take part in PvP - it is increasingly clear that there is no better PvP game on the market or in the near future market!! Choose a realm: Hibernia, Albion or Midgard, then defend it from attackers, or try to gain territory by attacking the enemy.With a somewhat standard number of races to choose from, each with their own weaknesses and strenghts, and a varying degree of classes - everyone can enjoy this gameThrow in a easy to use grouping system that makes finding a group seem like childsplay. In fact, it's so easy that it only took me about 10 - 15 minutes to learn nearly every function available to me at a low level (us testers don't have much of a manual). If you're completely new to the online gaming market it may be a bit more difficult and require a few minutes in the manual that will be shipped with the game.So far this game has the right direction, speed and curve to come out on top!
3	B00005OV6N	Personally I have played online games since the 1980s.  I have found the actually game mechanics to be the closest to regular RPG of what I have tried.  The graphics are good and more in synch with the time peroid of when the game takes place.  The game has large zones that do not require much downtime to load.  Races and classes are varied, and the skills given to each seem to balance out each other very well.Spells and skills come rapidly.  I like the game play because it doesn't require hours of camping a particular area where you can get a certain badie.  Respawn times are quit, and the game play is constant with little downtime for healing.  Team play is excellent, and the autoloot feature is wonderful for dividing loot and monies.  I like that what you make can be better than what you can kill off of a monster.  This feature alone ensures a balanced economy for the game.The game is balanced for higher end players.  As they get the opportunity to fight for their realm.  So you can make it to level 50 and still have things to do.  Fighting sequences offer even the fighter classes special abilities to make their game play fun with different fighting styles.Great graphics, time spent on back story development so that it isn't entirely hack and slash make this game a lot of fun for a variety of players.  Over the years I have tried Everquest, Ashron's Call, many different muds and other online games.  This one has the best overall marks for me.  If you are a girl gamer, alas female figures that obviously haven't been drawn by 13 year old males.
3	B00005OV6N	As a lifelong gamer, I cannot begin to tell you how refreshing this game is. After the plethora of Everquest expansions, Diablo ripoffs, and subpar multiplayer games (Anarchy and Shadowbane), DAoC comes out on top as the penultimate on-line gaming experience. With fully fleshed out PvE (player vs. environment) and PvP (player vs. player) environments, the game touts an infinite amount of depth. Granted, with the end game actually being Realm vs. Realm combat, those players looking for a deep story will be left wanting. However, the building of your character to level 50 can be extremely addicting and strangely satisfying. Add in the multitude of crafting options, guild associations and alliances, and now the upcoming housing options, this gamer cannot think of another title that gives so much for so little. Mythic's support of the game is unrivaled, supporting an in-game help and appeal system, and a wonderfully slick gaming interface, this title is unmatched in the world of MMORPG's. If you are a fan of RPG's or online gaming, you deserve to play this title at least once. With the first months subscription coming free with the purchase of the game, what do you have to lose?
3	B00005OWBL	good.get it.good.good graphics, characters, storyline, fighting, inventory, map. over 350 different quests there is 1 main story, but you dun have to do it that way, join guilds and do whatever you want. very open ended. unlimited world, no invisible barriers. no multiplayer
3	B00005OWBL	this is real fun but one thing i do not like about this game the weapons after a while are junk and you have to get another weapon.
3	B00005OWBL	I've had my eye on ESIII: Morrowind for some time since the XBOX initially launched.  I held off on buying it when it was released due to the lack of time necessary to invest in this mega huge game.  Now that it's been re-released as a Platinum Hit it made no sense to hold off buying it.The game is absolutely HUGE.  This is the kind of adventure/RPG game we old school gamers wished for back in the Atari/NES days.  The level of detail is staggering.  There are so many caves/shrines/special locations, all rendered with the utmost detail, one can only wonder how long it took the developers to put this game together!  Some locations are never even used in the main quest!  The bulk of the enjoyment comes from the various side quests and faction quests you can take part in that hvae nothing to do with the Main Quest.  You can join a guild, carry out tasks, or just roam around the varied countryside.  The open endedness is refreshing--for once you can do whatever you want whenever you want!  Should you scope out the hidden mine or help out a townsperson find their stolen jewels?  The choices are yours and the choices are often numerous!I absolutely love this game!  The variety in the graphics, landscapes are breathtaking.  Developing your character is such a joy in this game as the experience system is vastly different from other RPG's!  The weapons and magic system is deep.  And you can even enchant your items!  This game has it all.  It's like an alternate life that you can live and no other game has potrayed it this well.  And those stability issues that others complain about?  Don't beleive them.  I have yet to encounter a crash or glitch in the 30 hours I've invested in the game so far.
3	B00005OWBL	I've been playing Morrowind for the Xbox for weeks now and I think I'm getting close to the half-way mark on the game.The game's world is huge and there's just too many quests and objectives aside from the main quest that can be sought out.The game has an extensively huge amount of roleplaying topic context material and text information in NPCs and books.The game's magic system is relatively good for RPGs with seven schools of magic and a near infinite amount of premade spells,however, that you can make your own custom spells truly makes for a Wizard character that is truly unique and top notch.The game's thieving system is also incredible as you can steal just about any item in the game (hope you don't get caught).Now that that's said, I need to point out a few of Morrowind's down sides - and they may be dealbreakers for new buyers.First off, the combat in the game is rudimentary and overly simplified consisting of repeated attacks until the enemy falls.Second off, Morrowind takes quite a bit of time to save and load, taking up to two minutes to load a large save game.Third, Morrowind tends to crash with "Dirty Disc Errors" quite often after the save file reaches 150 blocks or larger andreaching 150 blocks will not take you very long, despite any efforts you may employ to reduce the save's file size.Also note that the "Dirty Disc Errors" (DDE) have nothing to do with the physical condition of your Morrowind game disc.Morrowind will often either freeze or crash with the DDE message whenever the game tries to load more than the Xbox'sfinite available 64 megabytes of RAM and these crashes will happen often, so buyer beware on this point.At this point in time, no workaround, fix or Xbox patch is available from either Microsoft or Bethesda Softworks.Unfortunately, noone has thought of the gamer and come up with a PC CD burn application with a Xbox game patch on it yet.The Morrowind Game of the Year edition is set to be released in the Fall of 2003, so I would recommend waiting for the update.Hopefully the updated version of the game will be more crash proof or come with a built in game save file fixer option.
3	B00005OWBL	I have been wating for this game for over two months...I now have it. I would HIGHLY recomend this game. Ill admit the graphics aren't the best, but yet which games have the best?You don't really have to do what your supposed to. You can steal from or kill anybody...but remeber there IS conciquences. There is a plot and a meaninng to this game but you dont have to follow it.There is not a right or wrong way to play morrowind.I hope you'll take this advice and go buy it for xbox or pc they both are the same.
3	B00005OWBL	For those that don't know, this is a grown ups' game, it ain't kid's stuff like so many console games.  Thier were two other prequals to this game spanning an epoch of the Elder Scrolls.  It is complex and a lot a decisions have to be made, eg. character(race, religion, class, gendor, ect.) and also what factions you want to belong too(decision made much later in game) Don't let anyone tell you what to be, I'm for a Nord or Impirial Crusader and will probably join a completely unrelated sect like magic.  Anything's possible!
3	B00005OWBL	I love RPG's.  I don't know this should have been made open ended though...I mean, it is literally impossible to kill people unless you have huge stats or a great weapon.  Unless you have the almost 800 page strategy guide this game is a toughie.  The graphics are nice, the music and sound is awesome.  The fighting just [disappoints] though you have to get a sword real close to get anybody.  It gets really frustrating, although I always want to keep playing I just dont know why.  Great game overall.
3	B00005OWBL	...Morrowind is of course a RPG, but not the RPGs you grew up on like Final Fantasy and Legend of Zelda. Morrowind is a non linear RPG (meaning no clear path holding your hand) and that me and effoof course can make non RPG fans squirm. On the other hand, there are many RPG gamers who welcome this type of gameplay. They have total freedom to be who they are, go where they want, and achieve what they want to achieve.So this comes to my point. Morrowind is NOT for newbies to the RPG genre. If you have a short attention span or just flat out hate Role Playing Games, then make a pass on this. If on the other hand, if you are looking for a change in the way you play RPGs or want to get your full money's worth with a game where you can explore what you want to explore and go on quests.. then go ahead. Just prepare yourself both mentally and physically to dedicate time and effort to sit down and explore the massive world of Morrowind. If you dedicate that time.. it will be worth it....
3	B00005OWBL	If you love RPG's this is the game for you, I am a avid player of Dungeons & Dragons and this is going to be the game that closely resembles a pen & paper RPG, you create a character from the get go, and then from there you do what you please.  The game is said to be completely open ended, you can do what you want.  Now this game will not appeal to everyone, as it is the players choice on what they chose to do.  You will not be poked & proded to do this and that.  It's completely your choice.  This will be the first huge RPG for the XBOX and from what I have read it will play similiar to Halo control wise.If your a fan of classic RPG's and want a game that you can just explore and do what you wish in, like actually playing a sit down game of D&D; this is the game for you.  But if you want a game with clear objectives, and goals.  Morrowind may not be the game for you.See gamers this is a game that is open ended, even once you finish the main quest there are hundreds of side quests to explore, you create a character and continually build him or her.  Everything you do in this game garners different reactions from the NPC's(non player characters) and they may like you or not.  The number of things available to do and see is unlimited.  The creators are also promising around a few hundred hours of gameplay, which is also mind bending.In my opinion this is a true RPG, Dungeons & Dragons loving kind of persons game.  No teenage spiky haired hero's here folks.  Again that is my opinion I could be wrong....
3	B00005OWBL	I ordered it from Amazon (my favorite online store) and thought it was awesome. The first few hours of play is kinda boring but after awhile you'll be like "Sweet I just leveld up!" and have alot of fun. I'm a fan of open ended gameplay like this and it's a must have for any RPG fan. You get to travel across the island of Morrowind exploring, killing, thieving, or causing trouble. Best Elder Scrolls yet! It lets you choose your race wich verys from Argonian to Orc. Each race has different abillities. You can join groups or guilds like the Mages Guild, Theives Guild, and the Fighter's Guild. Overall this game is fun. Pretty long and complicated but the vast land and exploring is very fun. Buy this game!
3	B00005OWBL	I initially bought this game, hearing how good it was over a year ago for full price.  I played it, and could not figure out what the object of this game was.  I think I beat up a couple crabs, then ended up swimming acrosss an unkown body of water, getting bitten by slaughterfish, and ended up on some rock, and was not sure what to do then.I made one mistake, this game is so vast that I got lost.  I did not have any guide to tell me what was going on.I resold the game, easily selling it at full price, and now over a year later bought it again a silver edition at a very low price, giving it one more chance.This time I got smart and bought the guide to the game, which is not that easy to find in a store anymore, I had to hunt it down on-line.  But, finally after seeing what I was supposed to do in this game, it made sense, and now have trouble &quot;puting the game down&quot;.Basically you start as a released slave, released for unkown reason (I guess born a slave) and you are shipped to Marrowind, where you start the game.  You eventually become a great hero and warrior defending Marrowind from evil and are blessed by some pagan god.What I like most about this game is it never ends.  Yes, you finally complete the great mission, defeating the devil, Dragoth Ur, but afterwards you go on with life as before, joining guilds for a living a doing missions as everyday work.  This game is huge and has endless things to do.The only problem with this RPG is that you get a little too involved, and the game is very very time consuming, though fun.Worth more than the original full price, and even better now as a &quot;silver edition&quot; marked down item.But before you play the game, find a good guide for this game, it is essential.
3	B00005OWBL	i got this to play more into the elder scrolls world. it was cheap and works on the 360 which is great. the only thing it needs is that new marker system oblivion had.
3	B00005OWBL	This game will keep you going for months. I've had it for like 7 months and I still play it all day! At first you may think that it is stupid because you almost get killed every time you walk out of a town, but after a while you'll rule the world!I suggest STRONGLY TO BUY THIS GAME!
3	B00005OWBL	I was told that XBox would be a console for console type games. Both Halo and Morrowind prove that XBox is the dreaded dumping ground for PC type games. Depending on your perspective this can be either good or bad.I have mixed feelings about Morrowind. It has some interesting elements to it, but its mouse &amp; keybord style controls (similar to Halo) are a serious annoyance, as are its overly complex character creation and game play mechanics. I think this is as close as it gets to a perfect translation of a pen and paper RPG to a console game as it gets. This strength is also a weakness. It can take hours to generate a character. I'm also upset that we have so few options with how the character would look. Our options are hideous, to ugly. There are not enough options, and no matter what you do your character will be pretty darn unattractive. For as elaborate as the rest of the game is, this aspect of the game is a sore disappointment. I had no problem establishing a character as a &quot;hottie&quot; in Sega's Phantasy Star Online.The game is unusual for a &quot;console&quot; RPG. It takes place in a first person perspective, something I'm not sure I like. It's interesting, and bearable, but maybe I'm just used to playing console RPGs in the vein of Final Fantasy.The graphics of this game vary. The water in this game is simply amazing, the scenery is intricate and detailed, the character models are mediocre, however, and there is one major complaint I have with the title, horrendous load time. I thought the XBox was supposed to be the fastest. This game will show you why Nintendo's data streaming technique and mini-DVD is a much smarter choice. I'd like to see this game using data streaming technology because it would drastically cut down the seemingly hours of load time. However, unlike past PC-like console RPGS (Summoner for PS 2 come to mind) this game makes it worth it to sit through the loading, and actually has game play tips and hits which are very helpful during loading sequences.As a hardcore RPG fan I found this game to be quite enjoyable despite my complaints, and would definitely recommend this game for console players wanting to test the waters of a more PC oriented game, or hardcore RPG fans who want something that is unnecessarily overly complex. The game's complexity will woo some gamers, but will surely scare others. I strongly suggest renting the game before you buy it.
3	B00005OWBL	..and it's pretty early to tell, but it looks right now like a real winner.  So far, I have built my character, wandered through two towns, received some instructions from some friends, joined a guild, helped a lady clear some cave rats out of her storeroom and presently I'm trying to catch some egg poachers.The minds behind this game have undeniably done a great job of creating this game world.  It is absolutely all-inclusive.  The Xbox controller is used very well.  Movement and camera feel like Halo when you are in first person.  I prefer first person because I'm so used to the Halo control scheme.  You can make the camera look at yourself if you want to admire a new piece of armor you've bought.The graphics look real good, but not great.  The human animation seems choppy and not motion captured.  Creature animation looks fine though.The combat system looks to be on the weak side with one attack button and no way to replenish health without leaving the fight and accessing the menu system.  Would have been better if the Y button could trigger healing potions as well as spells.Overall, the game looks to have a lot of promise with enormous amounts of nonlinear play and a ton of travel.  A hard copy map of the island comes with the game and just looking at all the cities and points of interest is daunting.People more used to the japanese Final Fantasy RPGs where you have groups doing turn based combat may find this a very different flavor of RPG.This sort of RPG is much deeper, more challenging and maybe...more satisfying.
3	B00005OWBL	Now this is what RPG is all about.  This is basically AC on the Xbox.  Open ended and you can go anywhere and take anything.  The graphics are crazy with water rendention and fog at the top of the list.  I can already tell this game will take months to play out if not longer.  Fantastic game and a fantistic buy for 19.99
3	B00005OWBL	I never liked Role Playing Games until I started playing Morrowind on Xbox.  Sure, it was difficult to get into, and the combat isn't as intuitive as Halo's, but the world is so immersive and the quests so enjoyable that the game has drawn me in.The graphics are great, especially the water and sky, which look better than their counterparts in Halo.  The people look a bit strange, not as realistic  as faces in Halo, and the buildings occasionally strike me as looking as though they are drawn.  However, I guess you can't have everything:  this is the xbox, not a high-end PC, and whilst Morrowind on  xbox can't hold a candle to what a Pentium4 can do, it's still better than other consoles.The action is good, because unlike the Final Fantasy games you actually get to swing your weapon.  If you cause damage to your opponent then you see a little - not much - blood come out, which is indicative of the fact that you're actually causing some harm.  This is way better than having a little bar over someone's head that shows their health.  That said, the combat isn't fantastic, and it seems a little jerky at times.  I guess you have to reconcile yourself to the fact that this is an RPG and you can't expect the action to be brilliant.There are mountains of quests to complete during the course of the game, and you can join several guilds at once and work your way up through the hierarchy to eventually become someone important.  Or you can train your character in the arts of combat and then go on a killing spree around Vvardenfell.Another reviewer said that it will take 3 months to get anywhere with Morrowind.  Not so.  If you bother to read some tips and hints on the internet you can find ways to level up your character very quickly.  One reason why some people find it initially difficult to get into Morrowind is that they choose a weak character and find that their character moves too slow, has no money, and is incapable of killing anyone.  For these people - usually people who prefer action games, like me - it is better to choose a character such as an Orc, who is physically stronger than others, and then buy some good armour and weapons from the tradehouse in Seyda Neen.  At first, it is difficult to kill anyone who has a weapon, so it's best to concentrate on stealing and selling items in order to purchase training so that you can level up your character and get stronger.You also need to pick useful minor and major attributes, and ones which are easy to level up.  Acrobatics can be levelled up by just jumping constantly, while Mercantile can be levelled up by haggling with shopkeepers and Axe, Longsword, Heavy Armour, Medium Armour, Unarmoured etc, can be levelled up by getting into plenty of fights.Overall, this game becomes more and more enjoyable the more familiar you become with your surroundings.  Once you get your speed level up high, you character literally zooms around, and when you get your acrobatics levels up you can jump across rivers instead of using bridges.Every time I play Morrowind I wear my headphones and turn the lights off, and this just makes the game so much more atmospheric and enjoyable, particularly during thunderstorms.  The rain effect is very good, particularly the effect of rain falling on water.  Excellent.I have had the game for a month now and have played it for about 50 hours.  This game froze up on me ONCE, and it was with a particular character, so I just deleted that save and the problem hasn't reoccurred.  Most likely, you'll get hundreds of hours of gameplay out of this game before it starts crashing, and then you can sell it secondhand so you will get your money's worth.I recommend buying Morrowind because it is simply the second most entertaining game on Xbox, behind Halo.
3	B00005OWBL	I played this game's earlier, less beautiful brother years ago when it first came out.  However, compared to Daggerfall, Morrowind is a masterpiece.  Anyone who complains about linear gameplay needs to try this one out.  If your not careful, you will never, I repeat NEVER, finish the main story.  Kill the wrong person, and your quest fails.  But you are always free to continue exploring, even if you have doomed the world to total destruction.As far as gameplay, Morrowind makes great use of the button layout, and never seems too cluttered.  I was amazed to see how well this game was brought from the PC to the Xbox.  Beyond the controls is the depth of character personalization.  Everything from clothes to armor and weapons are equippable, and computer characters will not hesitate to criticize or applaud your coordination.Your character progresses through the training of skills.  This can be done by seeking out a qualified teacher, or through continued use of the skill.  The more you use a certain weapon, the better you get.  Wanna be a master thief?  All you have to do is keep practicing your lockpicking and stealth.  This goes the same for weapons, magic and athletic abilities like swimming and jumping.This freedom to explore character skills also translates into a near infinite number of ways to finish the game.  Be a lone warrior out to avenge wrongs, or a ruthless assassin killing all in your path.  Your character is truly an extension of your own personality, but don't be surprised if your reputation precedes you.  Word travels fast in this game, despite the fantasy setting.  So if you find women fleeing at your approach, and you keep getting attacked by traveling adventurers and guards, maybe you should think a little longer the next time you get the bright idea to slaughter an entire village.
3	B00005OWBL	In short "MorroWind" is the most complete, open-ended Role Playing Game ever created.  (I LOVE IT !!!!) What this means to the gamer is; you create your character, choose your craft and seek your destiny.  You can do anything, go anywhere, be anything.  Play a defined plot or free-lance your way. Everything you do as in life effects your life later on.  This is "Dungeons and Dragons" the way it should be.  This game could last for ever it is so immense & detailed.  (1 month and counting. I have experienced, invisibility, underwater breathing, flying, potions, magical items, discoveries and advancements galore!)This is my evaluation and "MORROWIND" experience so far!!!!!I am a 37th Level, 25th Armor Class Wood Elf Master Thief!!!  I have traveled through this vast magnificent 3D world without limitation of direction.  The auto mapping feature keeps you playing not mapping.  This vast game detail has been meticulously monitored, maintained and store in memory.(Save often and anywhere is a great feature).A detailed map is supplied with the game for geographical referencing.  As you actually travel through this MorroWind the computer map details are auto stored in memory.  Your tasks are auto stored in your life destiny's journal.  Again a great computer monitor tool for your chronological activities.A very complex game but as life, you live and learn, or die!!!This game is awesome!!!  The glitches are very miner, ie.;  NPC's (non-playing characters) sometimes walk above ground,  The AI (artifical intelligence) is very realistic.  These NPC's learn and improve as you do, plus if you miss the easy kill or sneaking by them they make you pay.  Talk to everyone as in life leads you to fame, fortune or death.Again everything you do now will effect you later.  Use you head as in life you will learn by your mistakes.If you cannot determine what to be or what to do, as in life there is a computer generated character test & a scripted  scenario.  Believe me once you get started and see all you can do ie; viit scores of towns, dive on ship wrecks, climb mountains, swim rivers & seas, explore hundreds of dungeons or slay enemies you'll be on your way!!!This game is awesome.  A single player open ended saga.  I've been playing for over a month and I have only explored about 25% of this vast game.  (I have selectedly chosen only certain area to explore until my abilities improve for the real challenges ahead.  Enjoy!!!!
3	B00005OWBL	It's been a year since I bought and started playing this game and I'm taking my time to explore the vast environment this game offers.  At times the objectives can seem a little confusing... and you wonder why you even bother.  But if you are patient, the game can be very engaging, even if a bit too slow.
3	B00005OWBL	I love RPG's (role playing games).  I've played all sorts of them, from straight-forward games like Zelda: Ocarina of Time, where there is a linear story, to games like the Final Fantasy series, where you are free to explore on your own...to an extent.Now we have Morrowind, where there is no linear story, and you are free to do as you please.  This is a mixed blessing.At the beginning of the game, you are to choose what your character will be.  There are a dozen or so races to choose from, like elves or nordsmen.  Eventually, you must also choose which sign (constellation) you will be, and what skills you want to have.  This was all overwhelming to me, because I want to make the best character for the game, but I have no idea what is a good skill to have, or what a lot of the stuff means.The controls are also rather poor, they're almost reverse to every other game released thus far on the Xbox, and the option screen offers very little customization.  But all this stuff is just a nuisance compared to the scale of the game.This game is HUGE, it has epic proportions.  You can do whatever you want, you can choose to be a good guy and chase down outlaws, you can be a bad guy and become a thief, you can even spend all your time up in the hills killing monsters and living off the land.  You can join all sorts of guilds, you can work on specific skills, you have the all the freedom in the world.If you want to buy a game that will distract you for weeks to come, then this is the game for you.  It is not intended as a rental, or a game that you pick up for an hour every once in a while.  You can play as once character for a month, and if you want to start a new character, now you know what all these classes and skills mean, and you can play it again.Each character you create will be different, and thus you will never play the same game twice.  This game is just too huge to explain.  I wish I could play it now but I'm at work.  My advice to you is GO GET THIS GAME!
3	B00005OWBL	Imagine the ability to play a game the way you want to.  Not to have to follow the stupid pointless storyline.  Not to have to go this way or that way.  Imagine Free Will.  Well you don't have to imagine anymore.  Morrowind is the best open-ended RPG that I have played yet.  All other open-ended RPG always endud up incorperating some main mission into the plot of possible ventures.  Not Morrowind, it does though,  give you that option.  I enjoy Morrowind because of the ability to start over after my 20th time and still be able to say "Ohhh, I've never been that class/race/sex/guild!"
3	B00005OWBL	and I love it.  I go where I want and do what I want.  Leveling has been a little difficult for me but that's b/c I created a rather weak physical character and have had to fight creatures I can actually beat to level up.  I have done one part of the main quest:  Deliver a package to a city.  Since then I've joined some guilds, stole some stuff, and killed a couple of people.  Sometimes I just wander from one town to another exploring whatever I feel like.  I can't even begin to describe the replay value this game has.  Once I finish w/ this character I'm going to make an entirely different one and go an entirely different route (can we say vampire thief?).  If you're someone who has to be told everything to do in a game then you should definitely rent it and try it out.  If you struggle w/ finding things to do, buy the guide.  It has tons of different quests for you to go on and can give you some direction when you're feeling lost in that huge and immersive world.  I play this game for hours just walking around talking and stealing.  Eventually I'll get back to the main quest... but there's really no hurry and that's what makes this a five star game!
3	B00005OWBL	Morrowind is one of two games I own for the XBox, the other, of course, being Halo.  Morrowind is the ultimate in RPG gaming and creates the most involved, immersive experience in this genre.The two best things about Morrowind are: the sheer size of the world and how it is rendered.  The player has essentially an entire continent (a large one) at his disposal for exploration, and it is all there, down to the last square foot. There must be hundreds of cities and even more dungeons.  The graphics are good enough to create an alternate reality experience. They may not be bleeding edge, but the quality is good enough to make playing the game like a trip into another world.Highly remarked upon is the skill/leveling system, which are interesting and fun.  There are many, many kinds of characters to play, and many ways to play the game.One can truly waste one's life playing this game, so many are the possiblities.  Any player of RPGs will definitely want to obtain Morrowind.
3	B00005OWBL	Morrowind is one of those rare games that lets you do what you want, be who you want, and go where you want.  It's perhaps the most fascinating and interesting game I've ever seen.The game starts out by letting you create your own character.  You get to choose your own race, class, and astrological sign.  If you don't want to choose your class, you can have it chosen for you by answering a series of questions.  You can even create your own class, which allows you to choose your own major and minor skills.  The catch is that there are certain skills that you really sort of need to know in order to successfully progress through the game.  I created five different characters before finally settling on a decent one, and there's still things I'd like to improve about him.The gameplay resembles a first-person shooter, where you can walk around and interact with whoever and whatever you want.  You can also steal stuff, but don't do it in front of people or you'll be arrested.  Combat is incredibly simple (almost too much so), with basically three melee attacks and a few ranged attacks.  There's a surprisingly large and andvanced amount of weapons and armor available to you right off the bat, which is nice.Where Morrowind really shines is in the freedom you have to do pretty much anything.  There is a main storyline with it's own quests, but you can do that at your own leisure.  The real fun is taking side quests, either from freelance work or from joining one of several groups in the game.  You can join these groups in several of the towns, then set out on quests.  These can vary from item acquisition to assassination to running errands.  It really makes this a game that lasts awhile and has a tremendous amount of replay value.Graphically, Morrowind is stunning in it's sheer size.  The entire land of Morrowind is beautifully rendered and allows you to explore an incredible area.  And there really isn't much repitition in terms of landscape.  Sound and music is good, although there's not much variation in terms of music.  But the voices and effects are all very well done.There are some problems with the game though.  Certain quests are next to impossible to do correctly unless you have boosted your skills to an incredible level.  Also, the combat can get repetitive at times, although the variation of enemies keep it from being outright boring.  Casting magic while in combat can be a pain, as you have to switch operations.  And some of the skills are almost impossible to advance unless you receive training, which can be expensive.The real question is whether or not this game is right for you.  If your idea of a good RPG is any of the Final Fantasy series, this is not the game for you.  The sheer size and the amount of freedom you have will frustrate you to the point where you won't want to play.  You also could get tired of playing with only one character, while FF gives you a ton of different people to use.  Also, this is not a game for someone who plays for a few days, then takes a few more days off.  You will be lost in seconds, as the game, while it has a journal, doesn't have a quest log that lets you know what you've completed and what you still need to do.Overall, this is one of the best RPGs I've played in awhile, but if you're not willing to invest a lot of time in this game, I wouldn't invest your money in the game.
3	B00005OWBL	1) THE GAME IS EVERYTHING IT IS HYPED UP TO BE. SURE IT HAS A FEW FLAWS BUT NOTHING THAT CAN'T BE IMPROVED ON.2) THE GAME IS DEFINITELY HARD CORE IN BIG AND GOOD WAY.3) THIS GAME IS THE FIRST AND LAST NAME IN THE BEGINNING AND END OF THE GREAT RPGS, NO HOLDS BARRED.4) I HAVE ABANDONED "ALL" OF MY OTHER XBOX GAMES SINCE YESTERDAY AND HAVE NOT THOUGHT ABOUT PLAYING THEM AT ALL.5) ...UNLESS YOU ARE A SUPER HERO WITH UNLIMITED POWERS, ...GET THE STRATEGY GUIDE............YOU WILL NEED IT, TRUST ME, I KNOW. THE GAME IS SO PERFECTLYBALANCED AND EVERYTHING DONE SO WELL IT'S ALMOST TO GOOD TO BE TRUE.6) IF YOU HAVE AN OUNCE OF RPG, ACTION, ADVENTURE, FIGHTING, AND HUNGER FOR GREAT STORIES, GET ELDER SCROLLS 3: MORROWIND FOR XBOX NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!THIS GAME HAS IT ALL, EVERY THING THAT MAKES A GREAT GAME. THIS IS "THE GAME TO GET" ON XBOX THIS YEAR. I'M ALREADY WANTING A SEQUEL TO THIS GAME.
3	B00005OWBL	The pure scope of this game is amazing!  You have a huge land to explore filled with tombs, caves, swamps, castles etc.  In your travels you have the chance to obtain and master an enormous amount of weapons and magic spells.  I have never played a game that is more all-encompassing or complex.  Despite all this, I do have 2 criticisms.1.  When you get killed it takes a looong time to upload a new game.  If you are fighting a particularly tough character and get killed multiple times, this can get fairly old.2.Too much talking !!  This game is a little too cerebral and a little low on action.  You can spend hours just talking to the hundreds (if not thousands) of characters trying to gain information about your surroundings.If you like a game that requires strategy and patience this game if for you.  If you like non-stop action you will find this game rather slow.
3	B00005OWBL	For anyone who's ever thought about a combination of two great games, into one greater I always had an idea as of recently. Take the sheer massiveness and incredibly detailed world of Shenmue, use its complete sense of freedom of going into any building and examining just about anything and everything in sight, sprinkle in the vigilante factor of Grand Theft Auto 3, with the ability to kill and maim at will, and what'd you end up with? Well it certainly wouldn't be Elder Scrolls, but what you'd see here in Morrowind is the next closest thing of freedom in gaming history.In the medieval land of Morrowind you are nothing more than a lowly prisoner captured and released into the world as a freeman after a journey across the sea. And after those first steps outside the sea-ports door the world is at your fingertips. Live the life of a noble dispatching thieves and bandits and serving the empire. Or be a thief, murder shop keepers and civilians at will steal items from their home and sell them off to afford more weapons and armour. With the possible exception of Grand Theft Auto 3 and Shenmue, I've never played a game this free before.Being able to venture off on your own without following the storyline and diving into hundreds of side-quest and finding hidden caves and bandit camps is Morrowind's biggest strength. Within the first 15 minutes of my game I had already found a cave of bandits, freed their slaves, and swam into a lake finding the remains of a skeleton at the bottom where I found a sword and gold pieces next to his body.Your character is chosen from ten classes of races, from Dark Elves, Wood Elves, Orc's and humans. The faces, hair, and sex can be altered, though shallow does make for a nice variety in at least making your character seem somewhat customized to your liking, once chosen you also are given the ability to generate, choose or even create a class/profession. This ranges from Warriors, Knights, Crusades, Thief, Mages and many others. Choosing a class gives players a certain abilities the others work without, Knights and Crusaders can wield heavy weapons from hammers to double-sided axes. While Thieves and Assassins can be deadly striking in stealth and small daggers.The entire game plays similar to Drakan: The Ancients Gates; your character can be viewed from 1st and 3rd person points of view. Along the empty dirt roads beasts and enemies will be encountered along the way, killing so many increases your characters attributes depending on what method is used, stealth, strength, magic, ect. Outside of towns you can camp to regain your health and pass time. The weather will constantly change from misted mornings, to rainy nights and even heavy thunderstorms with lightning crashing overhead. If you're not fond of travelling such vast distances on foot, hitch a ride on a mammoth insect-like creature to the next village, it costs money but takes no time to travel. Decisions, decisions.The Elder Scrolls series has been a phenomenal success on the PC, and after reading the features for Morrowind during my purchase I was sceptical as to the notion "Go anywhere, do anything" Gameplay. Of course it didn't take me long to realize, they meant it. Morrowind is a great RPG that no Xbox owner should be without. Not only is it massive and seemingly endless in its production but it's also a lot of fun. A must-have title.
3	B00005OWBL	Only one thing could EVER hurt the playability of this game: the longing for a real companion to join you in this massive world. Multiplayer, in either a split screen form or XBOX live is definitely needed, but that lack alone can't keep me from playing this game. It is seemingly neverending with its massive world, with more storylines and adventures than you can count. You can literally create any type of character you wish to, and do anything you want your character to do (within his/her capabilities; you can't levitate if you don't have that spell...). I myself have played through the game a few times now and have no desire to stop playing through the game. If you are into adventure or role-playing games, this is probably the ultimate.
3	B00005OWBL	I encountered a lot of freezing, especially toward the end of the game when the save files got up into the 200+ block range.  Maybe I'm just used to playing PC games, though, 'cause the freezing really didn't bother me all that much... and 'cause the *rest* of Morrowind is so incredibly cool.Phrases like "open-ended" get thrown around a lot in reference to games.  This game was the first one I've ever played where I truly felt the description fit.Ocean between you and where you want to be? Swim across.  Or get a water-walking spell.  Or create your own enchanted water-walking item.  Or buy a water-walking potion.  Or go forage for the ingredients in the forest and make the potion yourself.Frankly, the game world is so massive, so detailed, and so interesting, and the story so compelling that I can *easily* forgive some crashes.There *are,* of course, some things that Bethesda could do better the next time around--for instance, despite the fact that the game has a fantastic day/night simulation and weather generator (You can actually watch a Morrowind sunrise, and the moons have different phases at different points in the month), nobody but you ever sleeps.  Stores are open for 24 hours every day.  Also, within each town, most of the people you meet only give you the same information as all the other people in that town.  Loading games takes a relatively long time, as does saving toward the end of the game.  And NPCs do, occasionally, get bumped around or disappear entirely.  Luckily, none of these things affected my quest, but I can imagine getting pretty frustrated if I'd put a week or two into this game and Dagoth Ur wasn't where he was supposed to be at the end.All in all, though, this is well worth the [$$$] you'll drop on it; it's easily got 200 hours' worth of playability.
3	B00005OWBL	I bought this because I loved games like Knights of the Old Republic and such where you have to use your brain and stradegy.  Games you have to explore to find more not just walse thru a level blasting pixels.  This game gets some sick reviews.  Most love it so I thought, its a sure thing.  Well its defineatly big...in fact its too big...and very complicated.  For the die hard gamer that has the patience to put about 70% of their brain function to getting into this game and also their regular life.  This is your game, for a guy with a life or with only about 1-2 hours a day to play if he chooses forget about it.  This game is huge, its a monster, its very detailed and has allot of coverage.  BUT!  Its also very difficult to get into and once you do you might want to have a notebook next to you because theres allot to do and you need to keep everything organized or you will be lost. I have played it for a hot minute and everytime I do, I really want to get into it, but its so big and slow that I gt discouraged.  Buy if you are really a hardcore gamer with the patience to watch a turtle race for a mile.
3	B00005OWBL	When you first step out on Morrowind with nothing more than a name of a contact and the village he's in, you'll find yourself asking, &quot;What am I supposed to do in this game?&quot;  Several hours later you'll be exploring Vvardenfell like a pro.  This game is simply fantastic, an amazing epic not to be missed.  Though this game is not for everyone, but only for the true explorer who loves making discovers and exploring mysterious lands.  Hours of gameplay, one gorgeous lush over-top detailed world and an engrossing quest system Morrowind will entertain you for years to come.  Easily put this game is a must have for an fan of Adventure RPG's who are tired of being lead by hand through the story.  Forge your own destiny and enjoy!
3	B00005OWBL	I have played both the Xbox and PC versions of Morrowind for over 50 hours each (it's that good and that engrossing!), and I can say that the Xbox version is very, very close to the PC version.  The controls function well, and I have not experienced any lock ups or glitches.  Sure, if you have a top-end PC you will have slightly better graphics and sound, and a keyboard makes it a bit easier to control, but it plays fine on the XBox.The beauty of this game (besides the phenomenally gorgeous graphics) is its immersive environment.  It really feels alive and enormous, and it completely draws you in.  The quests are generally well done and fun (although there are a few Fed-ex type quests out there), and the variety of weapons is great.I am not a particularly big RPG fan, because the learning curve is so steep and the games so hard to get into, but I rank Morrowind as one of the 5 best games I have EVER played because it transcends all those considerations.  It appeals to fans of RPG's, First person shooters, strategy and adventure.  About the only reservation I have with the Xbox version is that it can't benefit from the expansions that the PC enjoys, but that is about it.  The game is big enough to keep 99% of gamers occupied, believe me.
3	B00005OWBL	as has been said, morrowind is massive, immersive and all that. in this review i want to simply warn you about what happens next. you have to be like me, and take it to a level at which you can conquer at will and then switch to a completely different character or else your interest may fall off a cliff.morrowind now leaves me cold. i don't know. i think some of it has to do with me living a bit less hermetically than when i first bought it. also i think that i like a bit more skill based playing. when i finally got my hands on metal gear solid, the contrast was clear. skill development in morrowind is painstaking and slow. the arsenal is too large. morrowind is very much like life. the range of skills is enormous. you can only guess how long it will take you to master them, and you don't really know if that is the thing that will bring you success, but you try it anyway. you are invested because of the time, you really build a self in morrowind.i mean clearly, you need to be able to kill the various sentries and guards in order to progress to the level implied in the game, but it would take at least 3 months of game playing to reach that level.in the middle of playing as a nightblade, basically the equivalent of an auror in the harry potter series - a killer of evil mages, i suddenly got interested in alchemy. so here i'm developing the skills so that i can be a good thief and short swordsman and political being all so that i can get lots of money to buy powerful potions and charms, and i discover that an alchemist, with just a few tools, can go around picking mushrooms and make their own. so i sell all my weapons and go picking flowers and looking for books with recipes. but clearly no matter what i do, i can't get my alchemy skill level up to par.switching play styles in the middle of a game is an enormous and interesting challenge and it made the game more worthwhile to me, but the character you choose will have some hard limits. they do some fairly interesting things with genetic predispositions in morrowind. it's very nicely balanced though. there are obviously many approaches to the same problemsbut either way, it takes a virtual eternity.so the deal is, get into it deeply, and when you have the hang of it, switch to a new character and start over. this will double your pleasure. but then finally, you will be sick of it and wonder how you spent all that time on the game.
3	B00005OWBL	Okay, Okay, I'll admit it; I was reconsidering the wisdom of my Xbox purchase.  I watched GTA3 (and played it), and shook my head, saying "why not us?"  Well hallelujah, we've been saved!If you've ever played a pen-and-paper RPG, you'll have an inkling about the possibilities in this game.  Your character can be whomever, whatever, however you'd like him/her to be.  There are four human races alone, as well as a feline race, a reptilian race, orc, and three elven races.  There are dozens of character classes, including BattleMage, Assassin, Monk, Rogue, Scout, Barbarian, and Witchhunter, and a bunch more; but the best part is that you can create your OWN custom character class with its own assorted disciplines!  There are also a ton of possibilities for the appearance of each gender of each race.Once your character has been designed and you get out of the Customs Office, you are immersed in a HUGE, complex world of alliances, rivalries, and politics.  You can join a number of different organizations and affiliations, make friends or enemies everywhere.The fighting in this game is cool, easy when you're fighting single little creatures like cave rats, but challenging when you're fighting talented folks in armor while trying to cast spells and read scrolls while hacking, slashing, and blocking. And multiple humanoid enemies in armor will realistically kick your butt, unless you've been around a long time and improved your fighting abilities.This is perhaps the best thing about this game; your advancement is not based on "XP", some accumulation of wealth and creatures killed.  It is realistic; the more you practice something, the better you get at it.  If you spend all of your time hacking at creatures in the wilderness, your Strength and Agility attributes and your weapon skill (ShortBlade, Axe, Long Blade, etc.) will benefit, but your Intelligence, & Personality attributes and Mercantile, Speechcraft, Security skills etc. will stay where they are.  Also, your advancement in levels is customized to your character class: each class has its own mix of emphasis amongst the skills, declaring some Major, some Minor, and some Miscellaneous.The graphics in this game are phenomenal (mostly--the faces are somewhat blocky).  Trees, hills, items, and rooms look great; weather effects are fantastic.  The effect most folks will appreciate, however, is the water.  The water in this game looks so darn real that it's almost UNDERwhelming.  You look at it and say "well, I've seen that before."  The catch is, the place you've seen it before is REAL LIFE!  It's amazing, and that BEFORE rain starts to fall.  Oh, the sounds are cool, too -- I hope you're not afraid of thunder!This is defnitely the MOST complex and MOST open-ended game I've ever heard, seen, read about, or played.  I don't mean to sound like a job interview, but it's only weakness is that it's SO open-ended.  Players will find themselves accepting quest after quest before they finish their first few, and trying to flip through the character's journal to remember who wanted what!  Another way this game is like life.Go get this game, you'll never see the light of day again.  lolMikeP.S.  If you've got the time, spend all of your travelling alternating between swimming/jumping until you get fatigued, then sneaking.  Like all of them, the more you use these skills, the better you get at them!
3	B00005OWBL	I've been playing this game for about a week now and I LOVE this game! You have NEVER played a game that is so open-ended or free. Being able to choose what you want to do is what RPGs should be, compared to Final Fantasy, which is more like a movie that you occasionally fiddle around with. The sheer scope and size of the world around you is ASTONISHING. Individual towns have their own unique look and weather. Ald-Ruhn is constantly windy and dusty, while Balmora is usually rainy and wet. This game was meant to be a 200+ hour game and it surely reaches that lofty hight. Though the graphics aren't as good as Dead or Alive 3, they're still fantastic and the size of everything is unbelievable. You are free to commit any number of crimes, though you WILL pay the consequences, or you can be the most law-abiding citizen in Vvenderfell. Whichever way you choose is the correct way to play Morrowind and you can be as evil or as kind-hearted as you choose. Morrowind is a game that only comes around in a GREAT while, ESPECIALLY for videogame systems, and you would be missing out on a GRAND experience if you didn't purchase Morrowind.
3	B00005OWBL	Well I just got this game yesterday and I must say it's very impressive. If you like Everquest then you will love this game. It has excellent graphics and the sound is great as well. The only bad thing is that it takes a while for the world to load initially but once it does there is very short loading times between different areas in the game. So if you like RPG's then this is a must have.
3	B00005OWBL	it was a game i bought for my huspand, n he likes it n my middle child loves the game too!
3	B00005OWBL	This game is great simply because you control you own destiny noting is preplanned. IT takes a few days to get use to the controller. I have been playing all summer and have not even started the main quest. I strongly suggest if you get this game you purchase the Morrowind guide with all the maps. The game also has a great support web site in which you can get a lot of quest questions answered through a forum. I should warn you this game is geered more for adults (not because of content) but more that it merits a good attention span for maximum enjoyment.
3	B00005OWBL	The character creation system is one of the first things you will encounter in Morrowind, and it gives a glimpse at how open-ended and complex a game this is. Be sure to take time creating a character, because this character will be with you for hundreds of hours.In my first attempt, I used one of the pre-packaged character classes. While this gave me a good base character, the problem was that I had a very specific idea of how I wanted to play this game, and the character that I'd created didn't perfectly fit this style of play. As a result, even in the beginning, the game was extremely difficult, and frustrating. Advancing levels was slow, combat was overly challenging, and I spent a good deal of time staring at loading screens rather than playing the game.After reading a little about the character abilities and descriptions, I realized that I was missing certain features that I would need, to play the game the way I had intended (as a Rogue-Mage). By starting over again, I was able to use the knowledge I'd gained to create a new, better-suited character. The game changed dramatically.With this new character, levelling up was easier, I could do all the things that I wanted to do, and see the character improving at them. This changed the dynamics of the game completely. I could now explore this huge world with less fear of constant death, I could advance in the guilds I'd chosen to join, because my abilities were better suited.While Morrowind has some in-game problems (framerate jitters, an abundance of "fetch" quests), by far the biggest problem is the lack of documentation, and a lack of direction for novice players. If you know what you're getting into is a huge, open-ended role playing game, in which you can do virtually anything, from slaughter entire villages, to spend all day making healing potions, or bribing the local townsfolk, then Morrowind will *definitely* satisfy.But be sure this is what you want, or you'll quickly find yourself in over your head.
3	B00005OWBL	I purchased the XBox version of this game, and was NOT disappointed. Morrowind posesses beautiful graphics, stunning game play, and an alternative to the 'hack and slash' games which dominate the market.In Morrowind, you play an ex-con, transported to the continent of morrowind a free man or woman. Once there, you explore, gain a reputation, or bounty depending on your actions.This game is great for gamers who wish to think, and plan, and explore large continents. It is not for gamers who want a 'blast and kill' approach to all problems.As a female, I appreciated the equal number of female avatars, the variety of characters to choose from, and the customization available. I also like the fact that players are forced to face the consequenses of your actions. If you steal and murder.... And are caught, you are imprisoned or killed by angry townspeople.This game is suitable for people who like role playing, and don't mind a huge  environment to play with. I sincerely hope they make more games like this!
3	B00005OWBL	This game is easily in the top five games of all time.  I have never gotten as much playing time from any one game like a have for this one.  I have a level 42 dark elf and i am currently working on my 2nd and 3rd characters.  What makes this game so great is its wide open story line and open ended play.  You can do anything from slaughtering every single orc that you come across in the game, to stealing a full suit of ebony armor from the Grand Duke of Vvardenfell.  If you don't like this game than you should be wiped off of the face of this earth.  If you love morrowind with all your heart then I.M. me on shutyomutha cuz you deserve my gratitude.  If you need any help with the game or simply wanna talk about it also I.M. me cuz i am the ultimate morrowind guru.  I love this game and so should anybody else with at least 3% of their brain working.
3	B00005OWBL	I would call this the best game in the Elder Scrolls trilogy.  You have an enormous amount of freedom in this game.  You can do whatever you want.  Therre is so much freedom that I was literally so absorbed in doing all sorts of side quest that it took me months after I started playing to get to the main quest. You get to create your own character including race such as High Elves who are magically inclined and have a great immunity to disease all the way to orcs, who are fearless warriors who can go berserk for a great boost in their strength.  You can choose all sorts of character types, ranging from crusaders, who are brave warriors who wear heavy armor all the way to witch-hunters, who dedicate their time to ridding the world off all sorts of evil.  You can even make up your own kind of character type and give yourself whatever kinds of abilities which you see fit.  You can explore the land of Vvardenfell and partake in any activities you wish.  There are many groups to join in this game.  If you are proud of your great stealth, then join the thieves guild, are you a brave fighter, then join the fighters guild, are you interested in magic, join the mages guild, there are also many other groups to join, become an assassin and join the Morag Tong, help enforce the law and join the Imperial Guild, you can also join a Great House, which is sort of the equivelent of a political party in our world.  Note that you can be in as many of these groups as you wish, but you should be warned that there are consequences for joining each group, there are benefits such as you get to be trained by and barter with people from your group, but you make enemies with others who aren't fans of that group, they will be hostile to you.  Complete quests for authority figures in each group and hone your skills to rise through the ranks and eventually become top dog.  There are all sorts of dialog options available for every person you talk to.  You can intimidate them, admire them, or even bribe them, but beware, if you are not good at talking to others, you will most likely fail and they will like you less and eventually, they will not even talk to you.  This game gives each and every person, place, and thing a lot of individuality, something that could not be seen in previous Elder Scrolls games.  This game has lots of different skills to hone and lots of different ways to hone them, all sorts of different kinds of weapons and magical items, this is truly a unique experience.  I don't think that this game has the best of graphics though, I wouldn't say that they are horrible, but they are just not something you would want to brag about.  There is a very interesting plot behind this game and you have to travel all over to get further into it.  There are a few flaws however, I think that the combat is very poor and boring, it is very repetitive and gets old.  This game also freezes up a lot and gives a lot of dirty disk errors if there is even a little smudge on the CD.  This does not happen so much with any of my other games.  I also notice that some of the NPCs are missing, but only 1 or 2.  I also notice that it has a long load time.  Not very long, but it gets kind of annoying if you don't want to sit there doing nothing.  This game is very fun but be careful, it can get very absorbing and distract you form everyday tasks, so have fun, but don't play too much.
3	B00005OWBL	MorrowindMany many hours/months of play and replayThings have come a long way since Zork but not much furtherthan the Unreal Engine.  This was my impression after playingMorrowind for about 6 hours straight.  After reading aboutthe technical problems people were having with the PC versionI wasn't surprised to see the details on characters a bit moresimplistic than Halo.  However, the backgrounds and weaponeffects are top notch.This is the kind of game I had hoped for when buying the xBox.  Iwanted to play PC type games on a console, Morrowind certainlydelivers.  I've played and put away Obi Wan, Amped, Gotham, DOA,Gun V., Batman, Nightcaster, and Legends but have only replayedHalo.  Morrowind is so open ended I expect to play this one forthe rest of the summer.The island is big enough for me to spend a day (real time) walkingfrom one end to the other.  The mapping and inventory work muchnicer than similar games played in the past.  Spell casting is difficultwhen fighting multiple opponents because you need to hit the movingopponents with your crosshairs.  The occasional invinciblecharacter is a bit frustrating and my only wish for a future releaseis a more sophisticated A.I.  I found myself in a room with twofriendly characters and a third came along and attacks only me, the'friendlys' just sort of stood and watched, this is after I helped them killthe monsters that were attacking them.  Hey, cmon return the favor!Kudos to Bethesda Softworks for releasing such an ambitious gamewith infinite replayability.  I hope this is the tip of the iceburg.
3	B00005OWBL	Finally, what Xbox gamers have been waiting for.  Now, before I start the review, I'm just gonna say that I've have this game for two months, and I still play it 3+ hours a day (when I can).The island your on is HUGE!  I bet it would take a day (in real time) just walk a strait line from one end of the island, to the other.  And, you can do anything you want! Steal anything, kill anything, and buy anything! You have the freedom to do whatever you want, like customizing you character, to enchanting weapons to light people on fire when you smack them with it.Theres hundreds of little villages, cities, camps, tombs, caves (both underwater, and above ground), and other places to explore.You can choose from guilds to join and do jobs for them, or you could just be a theif, and steal a bunch a stuff from one town, then move on to the next town and do the same thing over again! And, you can become a vampire if you want! Cool beans!I know the game sounds boring, but trust me, its worth every penny, and you'll spend months playing it. Buy MORROWIND!
3	B00005OWBL	By far the best fantasy based RPG for the original Xbox.  Endless adventure and customizing options.  The story can be a little difficult to follow with so many side quests, but that does not detract from the overall playability of the game.  HIGHLY recommended.
3	B00005OWBL	Morrowind is the best RPG game I have ever played. Better than the FF series. There is hundreds of hours of gameplay. The sidequests seem countless. I just beat this game and it took me about 100 hours. I was just trying to become stronger so I could defeat the boss. I've almost explored the entire map. About 1/10 left to see, but boy did it take a long time. I have played it for about 150 hours now. You can do almost anything you want in this game. You can be a notorious owtlaw or a guy everyone knows and loves. The choice on what you do in this world is yours. You can even beat the game without following the main quest. So you could probably beat this game in 20 - 30 hours but then you would still have all the sidequest's to do. I don't see how you could get bored in this game if you are the kind of person that goes for story. I'll tell you the bad right here though. The graphics of people aren't great (the surroundings are better than the people), there isn't instant/constant action (this isn't Halo you know), you have to read. That's right, they make you read. But thats ok if you don't mind reading. There are also some freezing problems with this game, but that isn't a problem if you save frequently. That's all the bad I can think of. If you are a book worm then there are also plenty of books in the game to read. I heard some were pretty interesting. This game's terrain is the most realistic terrain I have ever seen in the game (besides the fact that you don't splash in the water). You can take anything you want, but you know thats a crime and it will be reported, unless you aren't caught. That's all I can tell you. If you want proof of this game's greatness rent it and play at least 10 hours. You will be sucked in. If you don't want to loose your social life this game is a bad choice. You will be inside for weeks, unless you get kicked out of the house like I do.
3	B00005OWBL	First of all I'd like to thank BETHSDA SOFTWARE WORKS for how much work they put into designing MORROWIND for the XBOX. Here's my review:Graphics: 8/10:Beatiful. Visually stunning. Unless you have a pixel shaded supported video card compatible with morrowind in your PC, you ain't gonna see the special incredible water effects you see in MORROWIND on the XBOX. The reflections, the ripples in the water, the way it reacts to any NPC or PLAYER swimming or walking or running in it, the graphics are stunning. And the shadows are no better than they are on the PC otherwise. The texture resolution on the XBOX is a bit lower rather than it is on the PC, but that is because XBOX only has 64MB of shared between CPU and graphics board chipset 210mhz onboard DDR-SDRAM, and for the XBOX to render a huge detailed open-ended game like morrowind at a decent frame rate, lowering the texture resolution to fit properly into the XBOX's memory is required. I think the XBOX runs MORROWIND much faster than my PC does, even with my new ATI Radeon 9500 Pro. If you want a smooth frame rate in morrowind on the PC, you want a really fast processor. Overall graphics are great on the XBOX.Audio: 8/10:Same as the PC. Not different at all. Still great though!Game play: 10/10:Just as good as the PC. No different. It offers just as open ended game play as the PC offers. And has a movie scene when you start a new game to juice up the past :PStory line: 8/10:Of course, no different than the PC, but still great.AI: 9/10:No different than on the PC. AI has it's errors and glitches, but ain't anything special. Can be ...tough though. Overall good.Overall score: 9.2/10.Final word:MORROWIND was a great port on the XBOX. Hopefully the expansion packs for it can be ported onto it too :) I suggest this for big time RPG XBOX GAMERS, although they might question is this the right kinda RPG on XBOX.
3	B00005OWBL	Title says it well.  This is simply put the best rpg ever. Great graphics, and awsome rpg stuff.  I know the Ai is not great and stuff but really ur missing the picture.  U can go any where and do anything!
3	B00005Q5CW	This is my first game review ive ever done. Well let's get started. If you like snowboarding then this is the game for you. Amped also has a variety of boarders including you if you want to create your own player. There is another cool thing that I like about this game and that's...Sponsors. If you trick off of height for the media you get media points. If you get the needed amount then you earn a sponsor. Do what they like best to leave them AMPED! This isn't some sort of game where you are a snowboarding bunny tricking over carrots. It's a real game. Amped is Rated E for Mild Lyrics. Get it soon and I mean soon. The next game review that I will do will be for a game that I have for Xbox and that is NFL Fever 2002. Email me if you have any questions or need some codes.
3	B00005Q5CW	This is a very good Xbox game. Before I bought Amped I wasn't sure if I should get it or SSX Tricky instead so I spent some time asking around and reading reviews to make my determination. I knew SSX Tricky would be a safe bet from the sheer amount of acclaim it has received since it's first incarnation when the PS2 first came out, but I was more interesting in Amped's realistic approach to snowboarding. My only concern was whether Amped was really a good game, because in the end, that is all that really matters.Well, Amped is a really good game and I'm glad that I decided on it over SSX (not that I think SSX is a bad game). Amped is actually better than I had hoped it would be and that in itself makes it worth the purchase. The graphics are as good as you expect, and the playability is even better.There is a bit of a learning curve. When you first start out it's much like real snowboarding in that you have to learn how to do it. This can be a big downside to people with no patience to learn a game and may explain why people recommend getting Tony Hawk (a game that will have you doing big tricks in the first two minutes) over this. I'm not a hardcore gamer and it probably took me up to an hour of playing before I felt like I was really able to play the game. But I'll admit, at first I wasn't sure if I'd ever be able to play this game (expect to do a lot of falling at first).The game does reward you for your patience. The first mountain has very low score requirements so even those that fall halfway down the run can still pass and earn skill points. Before you know it you'll be on the third or fourth mountain and you'll be coming back to the first to compete against new unlocked scenarios wracking up scores four or five times higher than when you initially started out. This really gives you the feeling of what it's like to work your way from an ametuer to a pro. And that is what this game does best.Unfortunately the game rewards your developing skills with progression towards seemingly impossible runs. You'll be working your way along fine, impressed with yourself at how good you've actually become at the game, wracking up scores you never thought possible only to come to a challenge that you cannot pass. Then you'll play harder, because you'll remember that you've thought this way before and look where you are now. And maybe you'll pass the challenge, but you will come to one that you can't pass. Well, maybe if you're a hardcore gamer you might but few people will be able to beat this game. I'm halfway through and I'm stuck. And I'm frustrated.I sure had a lot of fun getting to where I am and you will too. I still have fun playing this game even if I can't finish career mode and so will you if you at least have the patience of a gnat. But to me level progression is always the worst thing about games of this type because inevitably most gamers run into the level they cannot pass. Fortunately this doesn't really happen on Amped until late in the game. Still if Amped had a smoother and less ridiculously difficult level progression this game would have been a five star game.
3	B00005Q5CW	Amped is the best snowboarding game out right now. The graphics kick, the controls are revolutionary and it's fairly realistic, whatever you do don't use the cheats it will ruin the game.
3	B00005Q5CW	I think it's okay but it isn't the best game. I think Dark summit is much more funner this amped.
3	B00005Q5CW	ok, first of all dont listen to peolpe that reviewed a game without owning it. I do. This game has many great reasons for owning it.  It is different, dont listen to tony hawk guy... there are many different levels, tricks, etc. The replay value is good, but it is good if you have friends to play it with. THe soundtrack option is great.  If you dont already have your own soundtrack on the x-box, i dont know why you got it, but anyways it holds tons of cd's and with amped you can cycle through while playing it.  Well i will not spend any more time on this review because I want to get amped!
3	B00005Q5CW	Amped follows the line of snowboarding games that originated back on PS1 with &quot;coolboarders&quot; and its progeny. It is NOT like those &quot;arcade-style&quot; snowboarding games like SSX Trickey or Dark Summit. OK, sure, it stretches the limits of reality; but it's more reality based than other snowboarding games.It also has a soundtrack edit. In other words, you can record songs on your x-box and play them back over the game. It's pretty cool to be playing this game while your favorite tunes are playing in the background. If enjoy snowboard games, but you don't like the weird arcade-ish stuff, this is a game for you.
3	B00005Q5CW	I got to about the 4th course from the end and the sponsor was ridiculous.The create a player function is good.  Although the clothing looks much the same.Gameplay is tight with good controls.  We are talking snowboarding here, though and it's bound to get a little repetitive.  I had a lot of fun with this game for a solid month.This isn't a bad title to begin with, especially for the X-gamer in your family.
3	B00005Q5CW	This game was a good game and i love snowboarding even more now!!I like how you have scout people look at your tricks and stuff but over all i would say this game is in the top 10 for x box (halo is obviously number 1!!!It would be a smart thing by the producers if they came out with amped 2 because lots of people love snowboaring... if you love snowboarding buy this game and if you don't well then atleast rent it. You will be surprised!!GrEaT gAmE
3	B00005Q5CW	Amped: Freestyle Snowboarding is a Valium-fueled take on snowboarding.  You're free to do what you want, when you feel like it, and while you're under stress in the middle of a mission.  The overall experience is oddly relaxing, especially early in the game when there's no real pressure to beat every goal in order to unlock new levels.  Just as in games like Tony Hawk, the only frustration comes in the repeating levels to get a specific medal - but even then, you can always restart in a flash.Match that with the open air feel of the levels, the breathtaking coolness of sliding through powder, and the breezy sound effects and in-game chatter, and you've got yourself the gaming equivalent of sitting in the hot tub after a long day on the slopes.  Amped is a new way to look at snowboarding, and it's fun and large enough to keep you interested for hours and hours.  Sure, there are some problems with the way the game controls, but the overall package is well designed, and most of all, totally charming.  Amped manages to be simultaneously epic and down-home at the same time, thanks to the mixture of cool presentation, easy to navigate goal structure, and time-free boarding on giant mountains.  You won't sweat while playing a game of Amped - but then again, we're talking about snow, aren't we?
3	B00005Q5CW	Amped is a Valium-fueled take on snowboarding, but the time-limit free missions to the open, looser runs. You're free to do what you want, when you feel like it, and while you're under stress in the middle of a mission, the overall experience is oddly relaxing, especially early in the game when there's no real pressure to beat every goal in order to unlock new levels. Just as in games like Tony Hawk, the only frustration comes in the repeating levels to get a specific medal -- but even then, you can always restart in a flash.Match that with the open air feel of the levels, the breathtaking coolness of sliding through powder, and the breezy sound effects and in-game chatter, and you've got yourself the gaming equivalent of sitting in the hot tub after a long day on the slopes. Amped is a new way to look at snowboarding, and it's fun and large enough to keep you interested for hours and hours. Sure, there are some problems with the way the game controls, but the overall package is well designed, and most of all, totally charming. Amped manages to be simultaneously epic and down-home at the same time, thanks to the mixture of cool presentation, easy to navigate goal structure, and time-free boarding on giant mountains. You won't sweat while playing a game of Amped... but then again, we're talking about snow, aren't we? Enjoy the powder.
3	B00005Q5CW	This game had a few dissapointments, but don't get me wrong, this game is extremely fun!  The worst thing about it is the sponser things in 1-player.  One time, I had a sponser that said he liked it when you did flips, so I took that into cosideration and did a triple front-flip.  It was really sweet but the sponser absolelutely hated it.  It does that all the time, but fortunately, that is about the only bad part of the game.  It has really cool details and graphics.  It's also not extremely hard or extremely easy so this game is definitely worth your money and YOU HAVE TO GO BUY IT!!
3	B00005Q5CW	HiI don't ski, don't snowboard, and I've never played games of this genre before. I recently got interested in SSX3 from seeing a review about it online; so I tried out a friend's demo disk to see if it was something I'd like. It was actually quite fun.So then I decided to look around to see what other snowboarding games are out there besides SSX.I went thru all the reviews on the web comparing SSX, Amped, Dark Summit, Transworld, etc... and eventually.... settled on Amped.It has been reported that Amped is too difficult. Since I have only played SSX3 for about 15 minutes, I can tell you that the folks who say Amped is too difficult are very likely those who have played the SSX series extensively and are used to the simplicity with which one can do outrageous stunts. Since I've never really played those games I don't have that bias.So is it too difficult? No. It is no more difficult than any racing game where you will spend some time learning all the controls.In comparing my brief exposure to SSX3 and Amped here's my summary:- SSX3 has too short a draw distance. I found myself  trying to look up and off the screen to see where I was going. Amped has very very long draw distance making it very easy to see where you are going.- SSX3's physics is significantly exaggerated over Amped. You can land sideways on your board and keep going- I'm no snowboarder but I know from common sense that if you tried that in real life you will wipe out!- SSX3's snow effects are inferior to Amped. SSX3 carves out simple trenches where you snowboard travels. Amped creates beautiful texture mapped trenches with dust trails.- The overall degree of realism in Amped is far greater than SSX3's. The outdoor scenary in Amped is wonderful. I found SSX's scenary extremely artificial.- There are no time limits in Amped like SSX. I hate racing games with time limits. There is never ever enough time.- Amped's track is quite large and the game allows you to explore unintended paths at any time. SSX3 now provides the same thing but at specific branch points only.- I found the radio in SSX3 incredibly juvenile. There was some chatter about somebody in high school- I found myself wanting to switch the radio off. That pretty much told me who the game's targeted age group is.
3	B00005Q5CW	To be honest, I wasn't to crazy about Amped Snowboarding.  Then my brother bought it.  Now, I am totally addicted.  After I've beaten Halo, Amped is the only thing I play.  The career mode is awesome.  The graphics stunning.  Nice music.  Really the only bad thing is the trees you run into.  This game is a must buy to the extreme sports fan Xbox owner.
3	B00005Q5CW	This is probably one of my favorite games.  The career mode is superb and the replay action is fun.  All of that together = a brilliant game.  It will be hard to find a game (excluding Halo) that will come up better than this one.  Highly recomended to anybody.
3	B00005Q5CW	Well I'm gonna be honest here. When I first played this game I didn't really like it and I was starting to think that I should have bought SSX Tricky....I still play this game every day and it is like 2 months later!...
3	B00005Q5CW	I really enjoyed playing this game...The graphics and the music is really cool...there are a lot of different things that you can do on this game...play this game for sure.
3	B00005Q5CW	This game is the best snowboard game ever. I have the game and the graphics are great. The controlles are ~good~ but it'll take a a day or two to get them down. Also it's not racing it's completly tricks. Also you can download Mp3's on it and listen to them while you are playing. So in other wod buy it.P.S. The graphics look Awsome
3	B00005Q5CW	I recently bought an Xbox and am slowly building up my game collection. I had a demo of &quot;Amped2&quot; and loved it. However I found &quot;Amped&quot; for a good price and thought I would try it. I must say that it is fantastic and very addictive. There are quite a lot of controls to learn to really do well on high scores but it is a lot of fun learning to play. The hardest part for me is the rails. With a limited budget, I have to start with some of the older games, and this one is well worth the money. It is hilarious to try a front flip and end up landing on your head.  Great game.
3	B00005Q5CW	This game is pretty cool. It uses the Xbox's soundtrack feature (lets you rip music cds and listen to them during the game) and has well over 15 places to go freestyle snowboarding. It has a multiplayer for up to four people (you don't even have to have four controllers to play four player. after you input the names you can all share a single controller or two, because it lets you board in turns, not at the same time).It also lets you customize your boarder with many many accessories such as DRAGON clothes.If you like snowboarding games this is a must have!
3	B00005Q5CW	If you buy this game you will not be let down.  However, you may not complete the game either.  The freestyle play of this game is entirely enjoyable.  The big air and the flips are outstanding and in an odd way relaxing.  The game itself isn't as tight as far as interface as lets say Project Gotham and that is why this one probably wasn't bundled.The rails aspect of gameplay will surely frustrate you.  And as the title of the review states you will hit a level 2/3 of the way through that you cannot pass as it requires jumping from rail to rail with a sponsor disapproving as you flounder in vain trying to catch these rails.  I believe it's the Slopey Slope run in Japan where this occurs.  The snow boarder tends to get tangled on the rails or in a tree if he doesn't hit the rail at just the precise moment.  Looks like a little sloppy or extraneous coding from the programmers.This is also the only game that the xBox sometimes does not recognize right away.  But these are minor things and you are probably a better gamer than me so let me say this is a solid purchase!
3	B00005Q5CW	This game felt to me like learning to snowboard for real at first. It can be very frustrating and will take several hours just to get the hang of the controls. As you progress, the challenges are set up so that you can almost pull them off 99% of the time, but take persistance to beat them. Some challenges took me over an hour and I'm only half way through the game. The system of progressing is very taunting (so are the spectators in the game) which makes you want to beat the next challenge. I have had times where I felt like smashing the controller in frustration on some levels but that made it feel that much better when I beat it. There are also a few weird occurences with the physics (getting stuck, and being told &quot;go downhill&quot; sometimes when you already are) but not enough to spoil the game. I gave this 4 stars because although I love playing it, I think the frustrating toughness of this game may not be enjoyable for some people. I recommend it for gamers who like snowboarding (whether you do it in real life or not) and gamers that want a challenging game. Another great feature is that this game lets you play your own music mixes, a plus because the included music gets old after a while. Also, the graphics are great. Very close to real looking!
3	B00005Q5CX	When I bought Nightcaster..., I was expecting some type of Gauntlet game built to take advantage of the advanced XBOX hardware.  Well, my expectations were partially correct...this is a pure action/Gauntlet type of game, but it doesn't quite play the same way and this is both good and bad, but in the end, the game turned out pretty good for the price.You're given a great deal of freedom and your tasks usually involve wiping out enemies and enemy generators (a la Gauntlet) and occassionally you get to take part in small quest-like tasks.  Where Nightcaster differs from Gauntlet is the attack system.  Although you have a wand you can use as a rather ineffective melee weapon, you will ultimately live and die by the mana-based spellbook system.  Four classifications of spells are yours and you cast them using the orb which you control with a separate aiming thumbstick, thereby allowing independent moving/firing movement similar to robotron.  A unique system, but much different than what I expected when I bought the game.Any downsides to this?  Yes there are plenty.  You have to choose your spells correctly for the area or situation you're in as certain spell classes are stronger/weaker or ineffective on certain enemies.  The enemies are quite fast and you'll often find yourself retreating like crazy and switching spells on the fly in order to take them out.  The save point system is just like Resident Evil and that...  Enemies frequently "fade out" even though they are relatively close to you, only to reappear behind you for no apparent reason.  And the camera system is rather constricting since you can never seem to move it to just the right angle.  There are other problems, but I feel the game is quite good despite the issues and you'll find yourself enjoying it if you give it a chance.This is a first generation XBOX product so you have to overlook some of the shortcomings.  From a technical standpoint, the game is done well and you'll find yourself pushing on to finish the it.  Should you buy it?  Given the low price, I'd say yes.
3	B00005Q5CX	if your a fan of magic and/or gauntlet you will love this game.  It has a great flow and interesting attack system, I only rented but it could be a game I buy in the near future for it was fun to play and not just a simple hack and slash game, also there is a complex story behind and learning it will become a challenge in itself.  Great gameplay and graphics, very enjoyable for the right kind of fan.
3	B00005Q5CX	This game is really good. I've been looking for this game forever! It has great effects and magic and the button use is really good and the controls are fab!
3	B00005Q5CX	THE GAME MOVES A LITTLE SLOW BUT IF YOU PUT THE TIME IN YOU'LL LIKE THE GAME(WELL, I LIKE IT.). THIS GAME IS MAKING MY MOUTH WATER FOR ELDER SCROLLS:MORROWIND. THE STORY REMINDS ME OF ZELDA. I HOPE VR1 DOES NOT FORGET NIGHT CASTER BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE IT AND IT LEFT ME WANTING MORE. ALSO IF YOU RUSH THROUGH NIGHT CASTER YOU WILL NOT BEAT IT, YOU'LL MISS A LOT, AND IT WILL GET OLD. THIS IS A COMBINATION OF ZELDA AND GAUNTLET LEGENDS AND I THINK IT IS VERY GOOD BECAUSE VR1 TOOK GAUNTLET LEGENDS AND GAVE ALL THAT BORING, SAME REPEATING FIGHTING A REAL PURPOSE. FOR FAST ACTION &amp; CHALLENGING GAMEPLAY, I'D BUY IT.
3	B00005Q5CX	Well I bought this game on 1/25/02 and I have to say its pretty cool . The spells affects look great and there is plenty of enemies. The world that you are in is awsome looking with real looking tree's. This game is very hard though and the enemies come at you in packs. I like this game. Its differnt
3	B00005Q6Y7	For those of you who never really got into Cool Boarders or Amped because going down big, not so amazing slopes with the occasional drop or ramp didn't really make you stand up and start shouting in amazment, SSX Tricky might be what your looking for. This game isn't realistic, but I say that there's no point in playing a realistic game if the developers forgot to add fun. If flying off a cliff and falling through a 200 foot drop while busting out every trick you have ever heard of (or haven't heard of) doesn't trigger any kind of change in your posture, cause the hair on the back of your neck to stand up, or even make you raise your eyebrows, you have no soul. Your character can get through wipeouts without a scratch that would have broken every bone in a real persons body. None of the characters are real snow boarders, but they all have a very distinct personality. The courses are great and strewn with jumps and rails. The heart of SSX Tricky is in the games tons of crazy gravity-defying tricks to throw into insane combo strings. Every time you pull off a trick, your tricky meter increases and if you mess up it decreases. When it fills up  completely, you can preform your characters insane signature tricks. The races are fun but not nearly as good as the showoffs. You can spend hours playing the same course over and over trying to beat your high score or perfect your technique. Mulitplayer is also great. Makeing your friends cry while you pull off an Experimental over their head is a blast in showoffs and races. I never really got into the story mode, but playing through it unlocks new outfits, boards, courses, ect. SSX Tricky isn't the most realistic snow boarding game out there (ok, so it's not very realistic at all) but it's more fun than any other snowboarding game I've ever played. It's based on thrills, not realism.
3	B00005Q6Y7	I was looking for a fun, fast, easy to learn game to sometimes play to waste time.This fit the bill perfectly!!!
3	B00005Q6Y7	This isn't a simulation, this is all arcade.  Run through the simple stuff early so you can play everyone and get the general idea of the controls, then have a blast.  I LOVE this game.  More addictive than crack!  Until I bought NFL Fever, THIS was the game I played better than half the time I had the Box on.  Now, I am torn between the two games.
3	B00005Q6Y7	A Fun and Colorful Game that Luckily Landed on XboxThe title says it all.  Because this is a special game.  It is highly recomended.  There are few (if any now that I think about it) flaws in this game.  It is highly recomended.
3	B00005Q6Y7	SSX Tricky has got to be the MOST FUN snowboarding game ever. I bought AMPED and it was okay, but a bit slow for my tastes. I am not a snowboarder so I didn't really care for how &quot;realistic&quot; AMPED claimed to be.SSX Tricky on the other hand is taking up all of my time. It is fun fun fun. Why? Because it is a game that doesn't pretend to be anything else. You race against other snowboarders, knock them down, make friends, pull off insanely impossible tricks that are just the coolest things to see. I have spent about 6 hours playing this so far and haven't even finished one character all the way through! I'll be playing this game for a LONG LONG time.!
3	B00005Q6Y7	This is by far the best Snowboarding game available in the market. This game is not a simulation, but is a little more realistic than Amped. It is certainly an arcade racer with an arcade feel on it, you will be amazed how much strategy you will need to perform the &quot;Uber&quot; trick. Unlike the orginal SSX, which was just a racer, SSX tricky is a major overhaul of SSX. In tricky performing tricks will give you access to the &quot;UBER&quot; trick and an infinite turbo gauge, unlike in the original where you perform tricks just because you could.Is this just a port from the PS2 version? The answer is no, the Xbox version certainly has lesser load times and plays much faster than its counterpart. Though it's essentially identical to  the PS2 version, the Xbox incarnation does come with a  handful of graphical frills that you will no doubt appreciate. The graphics are much more clear, you can actually look in the snow and notice the snow flakes. Frame rate is crisp and characters are also self-shadowed. There is also some DVD extras with the package where you can see Lucy Lui!!All in all the best SSX Tricky verion is XboX. But if you have it in another system, same gameplay, so stick with your other versions. But if you have Ps2 and XboX like me, go for the XboX version.
3	B00005Q6Y7	SSX is a fantastic game that clearly shows how far games have progressed throughout the years. SSX is an example of why we should be playing games in the first place - FUN. The world you are set in is colorful and vivid, strewn with fireworks displays and sharp turns. The real beauty of the game lies in the animation and smooth transitions that the characters make while performing their over-the-top tricks and spins. If people could perform these &quot;UBER&quot; tricks, SSX gives a good representation of what they would look like. The audio also plays a big part in the game's overall feel and flavor. Each boarder has an individual persona that is voiced by a celebrity, lending much more, well, character to each character. The music is mostly comprised of techno beats that change their tempo and volume, depending on your character's actions. SSX is a great game for pure entertainment and is a fantastic game for your X-Box.
3	B00005Q6Y7	As with so many sports games, the market provides a choice between simulation and stimulation.  If you want the former, pick AMPED.  But if you're looking for pure adrenaline, go with SSX TRICKY.  You'll quickly become addicted to the way it serves up fantasy.Most obviously, it's pixel magic. Graphics, with the possible exception of a few brief milliseconds, are stunning.  There is, as another reviewer has pointed out, a slight frame-rate drop if a number of characters get bunched up in the same frame. And there are some dimensionality problems with some of the crowds.  But both of these are incredibly brief phenomena, which are only rarely encountered.  The far more usual reaction you'll have is simply being wowed.  I'm particularly impressed with the way that the designers handle the late afternoon sun on the Mesablanca circuit.  You actually have to squint to see, just as if you were experiencing the setting Southwestern sun.More impressive, though, is the game play itself.  You'll spend days just trying to find all the nooks and crannies of each track-much less how to make them work point magic for you. The two basic modes of play-whether for show or for speed-provide plenty of challenge until you're ready to take on other players in competitive runs.  In fact, the race mode against computer opponents is particularly challenging at the higher levels.  Because doing tricks can add speed to your run, you can't just hope to find shortcuts and nose out your competitors. Throw in the fact that computer-controlled characters can change their attitude toward you depending on how you treat them on the course, and the racing element of this game becomes a strategic battle that is often won or lost on a single decision.Still, TRICKY is not perfect.  If you play it at length you'll probably become annoyed most of all at three main features.  First, it's musically dead, compared with AMPED.  While TRICKY's ambient sound is great, you'll become bored with the main soundtrack-and the inability to use imported mp3's.  Second, you'll grow to hate the main interface.  It takes forever to set up for a race, and longer to just save your data.  There are no fewer than six screens you have to flip through just to save.  It's kind of ridiculous that the thing should ask you multiple times if you're sure you want to save.  Finally, though, the biggest problem with the game is that it has no facility to save user records.  With most sports games for Xbox, extensive stats are saved for each different user profile, meaning that you can brag to your friends as you get better at the game.  With TRICKY, though, the best you have are a top 5 for each race and  a character profile that's stuck away in a pretty obscure location.  So another user could take control of your character and throw your stats with ease-or, worse, deprive you of the joy of improving her.  It's a surprisingly big mistake from a company that prides itself on having the premier sports games on the market.None of this, however, should seriously deter you from buying this highly addicting game.  Even if you've never snowboarded a day in your life, you'll find it hard to resist the madness of SSX TRICKY.
3	B00005Q6Y7	The game is fun, fast, and furious. Less-than-spectacular graphics aside, the game provides hours of arcade-style snow boarding action. There are plenty of levels and characters to keep you busy. I found the "trick" levels more fun than the "racing" levels, but they both had their certain highpoints. The game is appropriate for younger kids, but is great fun for adults. The game has plenty of replay, and is a good investment.
3	B00005Q8IO	Wow. This game amazed me alot when it came out beccause I thought Doom64 (. . .).  So I decided to try this one. I was impressed greatly. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because of its graphics. They could have been better. The weapons, also, were not that amazing. There were only like 4 or 5 weapons. I was dissapointed at that. But despite that, everything else seems good. This game has plenty of levels, like 24 or something. I am on level 12. It's way too hard already. I can't imagnine the last level! One thing I didn't get about this game is when you kill a enemy, there is green blood. I don't value that too much. I wish that it looked more real. Anyway, the levels are great with great monsters in them. The music is sort of weird and the sound effects aren't that great but I can cope with that. There are 4 different levels of how easy it is or how hard it is. There is three ways that you can start. The multiplayer mode is awesome. I don't know why it was rated teen. This game seems more on the line of mature. Great game with a good amount of faults but not real bad faults (. . . ).
3	B00005Q8IO	Quake, Unreal Tournament, Half Life--and even Bungie's Halo--owe their prominence to a single early 1990s PC game: id Software's Doom. Although prefaced by Wolfenstein 3D in 1990, id's 1993 release of Doom defined the archetype for all subsequent first-person shooters. Texture-mapped surfaces, mazelike levels, gory monsters, and seamless multiplayer gameplay helped Doom and its sequels leap onto no less than 10 different gaming platforms. Now, thanks to Activision and David A. Palmer Studios, the game that coined the term deathmatch is now available on the Game Boy Advance.On the Martian military colony of Phobos, a horde of hellish demons has obliterated the entire human population, save for one lowly space marine--you. Stranded alone, you're out to reap some revenge and flee with your hide intact. The single-player portion of Doom features 24 full levels of shotgun-toting, plasma-blasting 3D shooter action--but that's not all. Each level also supports four-player deathmatch or two-player cooperative modes with the use of a link cable. Despite a few minor alterations from the PC version, this handheld port contains the same gory gameplay that helped its ancestor launch a genre.To be fair, Doom isn't an exact port, nor is it flawless. Although the majority of the game's 24 levels are straight out of the PC version, three were axed and one was heavily edited in order to cram the game onto a single cartridge. The massive Cyber Demon and Spider Mastermind bosses are missing as well. Other changes include green-toned blood and enemies that dissipate after death. Generally, the music is the same, although some selections are played out of order. For those of you who are unfamiliar with Doom and its progeny, this means action-packed, stylized MIDI and tons of synthetic bass. The sound effects are loud and ugly--highlighted by shotguns, grunts, growls, and an assortment of samples you've probably heard in recent car commercials.In terms of setbacks, the game's overall resolution is somewhat pixilated, similar to the PC version on its lowest setting. There is also a noticeable amount of slowdown and choppiness in large areas, and it's compounded further in spots loaded with monsters. The presence of brightness and lighting toggles is a welcome addition, although the muddiness of textures is more obvious with dynamic lighting disabled. The GBA's button layout presents another obstacle to overcome, mainly because it's not as responsive as a mouse or analog controller. However, the controls generally lend themselves to Doom better than they would its successors--mainly because the game itself predates the vertical aiming of modern shooters.Regardless of its shortcomings, Doom's strength lies in its raw gameplay. There are eight weapons to use, including your fist, a chain saw, the pistol, a shotgun, the chain gun, a rocket launcher, the beautiful plasma rifle, and the beautifully devastating BFG-9000. Conversely, there are seven monsters present in various quantities just waiting to absorb your ammo. They include former humans, zombie sergeants, ghoulish imps, pudgy demons, ghostly lost souls, floating cacodemons, and the Minotaur-like barons of hell. Even though the aim of most levels is tediously searching for keys, the cathartic release of blasting heads is a great equalizer. On the game's toughest difficulty setting, nightmare, there are more than 3,000 enemies to obliterate.Cool 3D visuals and violent gameplay aside, the best way to play Doom is to enlist a few friends and take part in its multiplayer features. All of the game's single-player levels are available in both deathmatch and cooperative varieties--provided everyone has his or her own cartridge. Even with four human characters and scads of monsters onscreen, the frame rate never stutters any more than in a single-player match. There aren't any onscreen indicators in the multiplayer modes, but the action is so fast and the overall effect so priceless that you won't mind.For those of you who are totally burned out on everything Doom has to offer or who have totally abused the GBA's multiplayer capabilities, Doom may be a bit too dated and/or simplistic to draw you back in. However, if you appreciate the beauty of straightforward gameplay, happen to have a few feisty friends, and absolutely adore your Game Boy Advance, Doom is an excellent choice.
3	B00005Q8IO	Let me just say &quot;Wow!&quot;  I can't believe they fit Doom into a GBA format!  If you've played the game in the olden days, then you'd know how much a nostalgic experience it is when you play this. It was fun then and it is fun now (especially being about to hook up GBA's and play deathmatch or co-op).  Slight problems, like how pixlated the enemy gets at a distance.  The sound from the original game has seem to have ported over well.  The music (which I can't really remember from the PC version) is fine.  The controls are the best for what you can do for a GBA.  Good game, good fun...
3	B00005Q8IO	If you're a fan of the Doom series you get exactly what you've wanted -- no more, no less.  The Game Boy Advance continues to impress in the graphics arena (Tony Hawk 2 was the first indication) and the port is pretty darn true to the original Doom.  Somewhat grainy visuals (direct from the original game) and very basic gameplay bring the game down a notch, but it's still as fun as ever.If you were a fan of the original, or want to see what really started the Quakes, Unreal Tournaments and Counter Strikes of the world, get this game.
3	B00005Q8IO	It's DOOM only handheld so you can take it anywhere, graphics rock, sound is awesome and mulitplayer kicks ass, awesome GBA game!
3	B00005Q8IO	This game is fun.It might not be a exact port,but its still good because its handheld.Everything Different is listed here:No Cyber DemonNo Spider MastermindE2M8(Tower of Babel)is remadeGreen BloodThe face has no animation when hurt unless from sidesE2M9(Fortress of Mystery)name becomes E3M8's name,DisOther than that,nothing is missing.If you want to try the old days of doom,put this into a game boy player.
3	B00005Q8IO	I can't believe that this game came out on GBA!  It's THE game that started the whole first person shooter spree.  I don't own it, yet, but I plan on getting it, and since I enjoyed the original for PC, I'm sure I'll enjoy the GBA version even more.
3	B00005Q8IO	Admit it, you never thought you'd ever see Doom (or any first person shooter for that matter) on a handheld, and certainly not on the GameBoy, but what we have here is one hell of a game for the GBA.  The graphics are a bit dated, and the enemies look like ants from a little bit away, but this fast paced action shooter is a surprisingly solid GBA title.  I only hope the upcoming GBA conversion of Wolfenstein 3-D is as good or better.
3	B00005Q8IO	This game is exelent and here's why. The action is unmatched by any GBA game so far! The gore is awsome (this game is not for those under thirteen)!! This games puzzle like levels are very difficult and fun to navagate through the maze of corridors!! This game is great, so buy it right now!!!
3	B00005Q8IO	My personal favorite game on the gba. its the original at its best, most of the levels, creatures and weapons are still hear in its choppy looking blurry glory. while the graphics may suc by todays standards its the gameplay that counts. The game dosen't stutter or slow down a bit. Blasting demons has never been so much fun. and once you beat it you can do it again and agian. If you liked doom then, you will love it now.
3	B00005Q8IO	Activison brings ID Software's classic FPS to the GBA, complete with all the frentic pace and carnage of a game that blistered thumbs, fried brains, and outraged parents back in 1993. Twenty-four of the original 29 labrinthine levels are back, complete  with indoor and outdoor environments, sprawling staircases, satanic pentagrams, and secrect doors have been beautifully translated. The wall and floor textures are impressive, but tenebrous tones in some levels make it hard to see where you are going on the tiny GBA screen. Switching weapons with the shoulder buttons take some time to get used to, but the control scheme is like a virgin: nice and tight. Some players may find the games non-stop action a little repetitive, but gamers looking for a healthy dose of brutal nostalgia can do no better.
3	B00005Q8IR	I enjoy traditional RPG's and I enjoyed diablo style games. This one takes the best from both and puts them together. A nice story and characters makes this game a lot of fun. New weapons and armour are shown as you get them. Your characters appearence never stays the same.The villains are tough, but not impossible. The graphics are very sharp and it is just so capitivating. This game is well worth the cash. For the Drow Queen alone ;)
3	B00005Q8IR	I have played many D&D video games like Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor, Icewind Dale, Icewind Dale II, and Heart of Winter expansion pack for Icewind Dale. I played for a little bit Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance on the Gameboy Advance and I was very disappointed because it only had one character to play throughout the whole story. It wasn't a whole party of 4 or 6, no, my friend it was a lonely character with no help at all from anybody trying to solve the whole problem for the city of Baldur's Gate. But anyway when I saw Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance for the PS2, yes, I know it's 2011 and I'm still playing PS2 games and not XBOX 360 or PS3 or Wii games, but you must admit that the PS2 slim console is one of best consoles of all time. It's slick, slim, and sexy. Plus, it has a DVD/CD player so you can play your favorites. Where do you see that on an XBOX or XBOX 360? Plus it is much more easy to find PS2 games at almost any store at a price of $5 and below. Where do you find XBOX games in 2011? Nowhere. You know why? Because it sucks! The XBOX is a freaking fat ass monster! Nobody wants an XBOX, PS2 slim still selling baby! After all these years it's still selling!
3	B00005Q8IR	I've just started my quest through the world of Baldur's Gate and I'm loving every minute of it.  I played for three hours solid the other day and the time went by quite quickly.  For those who used to gather in the family den, multi-sided die at the ready, this will bring back good times.The adventure is a great fusion of D&D; and Gauntlet.  Fairly easy to pick up, darn HARD to put down.  Its similar to the Diablo experience, but unique in its own way, too.  There's monsters to be slain, gold to be discovered, and experience points to garner along the way.  Spread out those points as you'll need a host of skills along the way.  I've only played the solo adventure thus far, but am looking forward to teaming up soon.  RPG fan or not, spend some time inside Baldur's Gate and I guarantee you'll be hooked.
3	B00005Q8IR	I bought this game expecting it to be like the other Baulder's gate, and when it wasn't I must say I was a little disappointed at first, but this game really grew on me and I like how during the story plots the maker Black Isle reached back to their game Warcraft and used it as a reference.  All I can really say is that the play is good, the story line even better (if youlike medevil lore) and I can't wait for the next one to come out for the PS2
3	B00005Q8IR	My 6-year old and I are playing together and are nearly finished with the game.The interface accomodates two players quite well in most places, but there are a couple areas - puzzle levels in particular - where it's hard enough for one to get through much less two, so we end up intentionally killing off one of the characters so that the other character can get through the puzzle. This is no problem, since the second character can be easily resurrected at the next save point (which is usually no more than a couple minutes away).As other reviews have mentioned, DA plays very much like Diablo II, with the ability to increase skills as the players' levels increase. The skills and feats mentioned deviate somewhat from 3rd Edition DnD, but that doesn't detract from the game's fun.The graphics are gorgeous. On one level in particular, the floors are marble and have a sheen that reflects the player characters as well as the flicker of the torches.The game is not flawless, however. My biggest complaint is that I think they zoomed out too far from the action. In our two player game we're zoomed out so far that I sometimes have trouble differentiating between my character and my son's. Another complaint is that you never pick up anything useable from the creatures you defeat. Almost without exception, everything I picked up was sold back in town for more useful gear. Even the rewards that are bestowed upon the characters for completing quests weren't worth using.All in all, though this is a really fun game. We play almost every single night, and the game has held both our interests.
3	B00005Q8IR	Although quite a bit like Diablo, Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is one fantasy adventure you shouldn't miss. Set in the D&D; universe, you play as one of three characters ridding the land of evil and leveling up your character as you progress through the game. With spells and such, this game is a sight to behold. The graphics are perfect, everything has a realistic look to it. My one and only gripe is the control...I feel it could've been somewhat better but it is a small gripe to say the least as it doesn't hinder the game.So, if you're a Dungeons and Dragon's fan or you just like action RPGs, do yourself a favor and check out Baldur's Gate:Dark Alliance.
3	B00005Q8IR	THE GOOD:1.  Even ten years later, some of the special effects are remarkable, even stunning, such as when you run through water.2.  The game camera is super-smooth.  Should have become the industry standard.3.  The fact that the programmers foresightfully included the ability to replace your character with a fully caparisoned character from a previous game really extends the replay value.  Although I do have to say:  what was the point of including this ability, yet preventing you from returning to the shopkeeper's after the Onyx Tower?  If you have two memory slots available, you can effectively return your character to town to sell all the juicy stuff you find in the Onyx Tower and thereafter, although it's a bit of a hassle.THE BAD:1.  The game is not kind to you if you want to play as an archer.2.  Plot really cliched:  something's been stirring up the orcs!  Their attacks have grown bolder!3.  That part where you're fighting the lizard men just goes on for way too long.4.  A "hard" level of difficulty is available, but it's not like they follow you or lie in wait for you more cleverly.  So the upshot of choosing "hard" difficulty is simply that you'll have to go back to town more often for healing potions.  I guess you could say this about a lot of games, though.
3	B00005Q8IR	Excellence comes along only a few times a year and hear you have it BGDA has everything I turn my system on for.  Great graphics, excellent sound, great storyline, and awesome gameplay.  I was playing this game alone at the start until my nephew came by and we could not take it out of the machine.  Characters are constantly in change and the challenge is excellent.  A light RPG atmosphere, the most similiar game I can compare it to is Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain.  Another title that was ahead of its time.  You will play it for hours and beg for more.  When you do beat it will you be disappointed its over, and not relieved.  You can start all over with the same characteristics you ended with and continue to build your character for the obvious sequel that will follow.  Hopefully they will allow you to take your character and load him into the sequel.  I have been waiting for games like this and hope this will only lead to more of the same.  MASTERPIECE.
3	B00005Q8IR	Better than the first, because the enemies are harder to kill and they're more interesting too. Especially the three at the end.
3	B00005Q8IR	This game is fun. Period.  Although it has been compared to Diablo and Diablo II, that is not a bad thing.  I think that the only reason it gets compared to those two great games is because it shares some of the same elments and mechanics.  You are given a choice of three character classes, get info from the townspeople and embark on various quests to rid them of their troubles.  The story is a good one, if a bit predictable.  The graphics are sharp and well done.The area in which this game shines is the gameplay.  The controls are smooth and the response time is lightning fast, no lag or anything of the like.  I also like the fact the the controls are user friendly and the in-game tutorial is great at getting you familiar with the controls without being overly preachy or condescenting.The overall story is very linear, and as you progress through the levels, the enemies can be quite tough and sometimes downright difficult to deal with.  The boss battles are cool, and take quite a bit of strategy and evasion to ensure your survival.  These above facts are cool and fit well into the game, but they are also its downfall.  Although the toughness and tenacity of the enemies increases steadily, your character is a bit slower to catch up.  Once you kill all the enemies on a level, they dont respawn, so you cannnot stick around and kill them again to gain more experience and level up faster.Other than the fact that the difficulty level gets a little frustrating, you have to deal with a little bit of boredom and a lull in the storyline towards the end of the game.  The set-up is nice, but the ending leaves a little to be desired.Dont let those two little pitfalls disuade you from your quest, this game is still a ton of fun and easy to master, the only thing that counts against it are the two minor problems that could use a little bit of tweaking...minor flaws, but nothing to weigh too heavily.  I highly suggest that fans of the Diablo series and fans of Dungeons and Dragons buy this game.  I also suggest that you purchase this game if you just want to spend a few hours chopping monsters to bits and blasting away at the minions of darkness with some well placed arrows or magical spells.
3	B00005Q8IR	Anyone that played the D&D card game or the D&D PC series will thoroughly enjoy this game.  You can choose between 3 characters (Human Archer, Dwarf Warrior or Elf Wizard) and later a secret character.  You follow RPG tasks (fight everything in your way til you find something then bring it back to whomever wants it)  but the average hack and slash player will enjoy it for the continuous fighting.  There are many ways to improve your characters when you go up a level and the 2 player cooperative option feature means double the destruction.  It's a straight forward game with a map that draws itself in as you move so there is no getting lost in the dungeon.  Grab a friend and fight zombies, skeletons, lizard men and many others together.  Replay value is top notch.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the RPG aspect (improving your characters traits) can be bit overwhelming for inexperienced players.  Players new to the story will not know that blunt disruption weapons (clubs or maces) are better at killing off the living dead than swords or that certain upgrades are best suited to a specific character.  Its all part of the learning curve but you'll enjoy it none the less.
3	B00005Q8IR	Much like Diablo, this is a great alternative for those like me who don't like traditional RPG's. Simply swing and slay, and that's all it takes, You don't get bogged down in complex battle systems or replay dungeons endlessly to build up you r character. Once enemies are dead, they're permanent floor decorations. To earn new weapons and abilities, you have to keep progressing, and that's why you'll never want to keep progressing , and that's why you'll never want to put the controller down. In fact our inability to pull ourselves away from the controller for hours prompted my girlfriend and i to nickname this bladder's gate. But that isn't the only reason you'll wet yourself. The dark and glommy dungeons hold plenty of surprises to make you jump. And slicing them to bits is a bloody sight to see. Who knew that a zombie can still attack after you slice his body in half? These thrills are best experienced with two players playing cooperatively. USing different classes fighters, sorceress or archer to complement each other's weaknesses  is fun in an I ve got you back sort of way, and it makes it easier to beat the game too. Sometimes it's hard to distinguish the two characters apart, despite the sharp graphics. In the middle of fights you can  get lost in the carnage, and blocked sites lines caused by dungeon decor add to the confusion. THose slight problems might mix you up, but be clear on one thing this action RPG is the one to get. Just don't forget the Pampers.
3	B00005Q8IR	I seems like every game you buy is a gamble now - despite what reviews say - everyone has preferences and everyone expects something different.  If you read the reviews here - you'll see that everyone liked the game  -  and enjoyed it despite either not liking the genre or the lenghth or the replayability..if you want a game to last a long time - play on the hard setting...now the question to ask yourself when looking to purchase this game is -WILL I PLAY MULTI-PLAYER? - if the answer is yes - then consider owning this game.Am I tired of games you play and play and play and feel like you never get anywhere?  if the answer is yes then you want to consider owning this game -The game is short which means every time you play you feel like you accomplish something - which for an adult gamer - it is very important.I enjoyed this game quite a bit - i am an adult gamer with little time to enjoy games and i don't concern myself with cost so much -if the game lasts 10 hours.  divide the cost by the hours spent playing - then decide if it is a good deal - most games are....this is a good game - the graphics are the best i have seen for ps2 - even though newer titles are out - the rendering is smooth and the framerate stays constant-even with multiple enemies on the screen in 2 player mode -
3	B00005Q8IR	This is a fun, entertaining game with lots of action, but not a lot of variety.  Basically, you're doing the same thing over and over: hacking and slashing.  Has a Diablo kind of feel to it, as many reviewers have stated, so if you're expecting this to be like Baldur's Gate for the computer, you might be dissapointed.Great feature is that you can play two players at the same time, adding to the fun.  My brother and I played through it in four days, so it's not particularly challenging, but it was engaging and quite addictive.The one drawback to the game is the storyline.  It's totally convoluted and makes no sense.  Things do not connect, giving you a logical story arch with a satisfying resolution.  The characters seemingly get involved in missions at random and I couldn't fathom why the main characters even continued on their quest.  But aside from that confusion, the actual gameplay was engaging.
3	B00005Q8IR	This game is a visual treat and its very fun to play.  I played through by myself and now Im playing with a friend.  Both ways are very enjoyable.  There is a storyline and the NPC's are done very well.  The animations and spell effects look great on the Play Station 2.  Wait till you see the water effects in the game.  The best thing is that they are making a sequel that will be twice as big as this one.  If you enjoy a good hack and slash with some RPG elements, then buy this fun game.
3	B00005Q8IR	A fantastic combination of action and character development, Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance comes through as the best RPG for a console to date.  The graphics are superb, the fighting is top notch and the music and sound effects are brilliant.One of the best things about this game is that the fighting is not so easy that it gets dull but it is not so difficult that you get discouraged.  Every boss is beatable but not without a great deal of effort and the beasts populating the world are as much fun to destroy as they are to watch.  A helluva lot of fun.The worst part about this game is also the best part - I won't tell you the ending but there will be a sequel.  And it can't come soon enough as far as I am concerned.
3	B00005Q8IR	I am a huge fan of the Baldur's Gate/PS: Torment/Fallout games on the PC.  I picked up this game thinking I'd have zaney NPC's coming along with me on some huge adventure full of sidequests and crazy fun.  When I first started, I was impressed with the graphics and sound, and it seemed rather promising with the characters too.  As the game progressed, I quickly found out that it was essentially a Diablo clone (i.e., a massive dungeon crawl).  You hack and slash through level upon beautifully-rendered-level, all the while taking trips back to the local store (with your recall potions) to drop off your loot and upgrade your equipment.  The sidequests usually involve you talking to someone near the local store, finding the item they are looking for, and returning it to them.  Over all, the character interaction is a bare minimum, and the story is rather stretched.  Before you know it, the game is over, and you import your character into a harder mode and do it all  over (replay value is better with friends around). Pick this up if you want a fun way to kill a couple of hours with some friends (or by yourself).  Just don't hope for the traditional BG gaming style and you'll be OK.
3	B00005Q8IR	"Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance" is an excellent game, it's as simple as that. The action is intense and satisfying, the graphics are some of the best available for the PS2, and the production values are just top notch. The storyline is a bit underdeveloped, though, and the RPG stuff has been "dumbed down" in the assumption that console gamers don't like depth as much as PC gamers - but these points lose their luster if you have a friend to play with. "Dark Alliance" is easily one of the best two-player games available, as it allows you and an ally to hack your way through the campaign together. More games should offer cooperative multiplay if it's this much fun. If only there were a few more characters to pick from (you only get three, assuming you don't count the unlockable Drizzt Do'Urden - awesome!) and a little more depth to the roleplaying, this game would be the best available for the PS2. As it stands, it's still a classic.Final Score: B+
3	B00005Q8IR	I bought this game without seeing it or even reading a review about it.  That is something I rarely do but it wasn't that bad of a price and I was ordering some other stuff and I love D&D games.  Well I wasn't disappointed.  I didn't expect much of anything from this game and so I was more impressed than someone looking for a classic Baldur's Gate game.  I have the computer version but haven't played it yet and I knew this would be nothing like it.  The first time I popped it in I didn't stop playing for like 5 hours.  It was just fun.  THe battles are crazy and the graphics are very good especially when walking through water.  A few knocks on it are the camera which is kinda far away and can be awkward at times especially in massive battles (You tend to fight like 10 or more enemies at once in a big swarm and it is hard to see who you are hitting.)  I haven't tried a magic user yet only the dwarf and it is just pure enjoyment.  If you are looking for classic RPG deep story or non-linear gameplay stay away cause this game has a simple story and pretty much forces you in one direction.  It reminds me a lot like Vampire Redemption for the PC.  The controls are easy and the level up system is nice and just like Vampire since you can control how your character levels up instead of just predetermined stat boosting.  Only problem  with this system is if you plan wrong your character will suffer later.  One thing I didn't get was what the developers were thinking when they put thos stupid Mega Man like floating boulders over pits that sunk when you landed on them.  Aside from looking stupid those parts were just terribly frustrating but passable.  It's sad to say but for the type of game this is I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for those ridiculous things.  But all in all if you like a good action game like Maximo or Jak and Daxter but with a darker D&D twist then go for this game and even those hardcore RPG fans may like this game as a vacation from complex plot lines and massive hours required to complete a game.  GIve it a try it is fun and worth it.
3	B00005Q8IR	For the past four years, Black Isle has been synonmous with quality.  My top three all time favorite PC games: Baldur's Gate 2, Fallout 2 and Torment; are all Black Isle games.  Black Isle games have a level of depth and quality that other studios have yet to match in my opinion.  With that in mind, this game was the deciding factor when I bought my PS2.  Granted it was still in the developemental stage, and I knew it would never have the depth of the PC versions, but the Black Isle name and the Baldur's Gate franchise was enough to interest me.I got the Xbox when it first came out, and I honestly thoguht I'd never play another PS2 game that could compete.  Let me tell you, Dark Alliance, holds it's own with any of the Xbox games I own.  Not only that, but it is the best PS2 game I've ever seen.  The graphics are superb, the gameplay is addictive, and for a console RPG it's surprisingly deep.  After playing all those PC games I didn't think I'd ever find a console RPG that could hold my interest.Don't buy this game expecting a sequel to the BG series.  This game is different in several ways, not all of which are bad.  The graphics are far superior, and the stability of the PS2 means no bugs or crashes (something Fallout 2 and Torment, as good as they were are notorious for).  On the down side, you can only choose from three different characters and only get one character per player, without the benefits of rolling your own stats.  On the upside, you can play with a friend, and it takes the game to a whole new level.It's really unfair to compare this game to the original BG games, both of which were over 4 CD's long and took hundreds of hours to complete.  This game never tries to achieve the same things the PC versions do, but instead it is a leap in a new direction.  It has all the high-paced action of Gauntlet, but set in the colorful Forgotten Realms.  If this sounds good to you, you won't be disappointed.  Even fans of the old BG games should keep an open mind and give this a try.  Once you get over the differences, it's a blast to play.
3	B00005Q8IR	I thought Dungeon's & Dragons was long dead, resting comfortably in a grave with a colourful wreath of the success in endured in the 80's. I had never heard of the Baldur's Gate numerous times for the PC, and the last game I played of Dungeon's & Dragons was all the way back with "Slayer" on the Panasonic 3DO. Simple game, 1st person navigating through basements and castles while fighting off hordes of ugly looking enemies like ogres and the infamous Gelatinous Cubes. And now, at least 8 years later comes Baldur's Gate for the Playstation 2, the same idea as Slayer, but a whole new world of action/RPG gaming.Baldur's Gate has enjoyed a successful run on the PC for the past few years, and just now has been transferred to the console masses, and PS2  is lucky enough to be first to receive it. However, instead of direct ports from already existing titles, Dark Alliance creates and entirely new gaming system for the PS2 version (About time). We've seen this type of game before no doubt, most recently Drakan and Dynasty Warriors 3, and even back as far as the original Gauntlet for that matter. Baldur's Gate is nothing more than a hack & slash at heart, but manages to become so much more than its blood vein genre has ever offered. Being this is the first PS2 title taken from a PC game that actually utilizes the full power of your Playstation system.Three playable characters are offered for your journey, the female elf who possesses great magic capabilities, the male human who is a master with arrows and the physical powerhouse male dwarf. All characters can be armed to the teeth with dozens of weapons from axes, swords, hammers and armour from leather to steel. Grab a friend to join you in the melee and I can guarantee you'll be [in] your chairs in no time. And it is very nice to finally play a 2-player game that doesn't use a split-screen method, but rather and overhead so both characters are displayed on screen at once which is a welcome for those with small TV screens. The 2-player mode is a fantastic breather from the typical deathmatch that's carelessly thrown into every game for a quick buck on replay value (Half-Life's PS2 is my prime example). Which could have been added into this no doubt, but thank god, it wasn't.The story is drawn straight from the classic blood vein of old school medieval adventures. Your arrival in Baldur's Gate is greeted by being beaten and robbed by a band of thieves who are currently at war with another guild of thieves in Baldur's Gate. And as you seek your revenge, the ploy of the war of thieves is a mere tip of the iceberg of events to come as an ancient evil threatens to burn Baldur's Gate to the ground. And your journey takes you to distant lands in mountains, swamps and your final destination a sinister tower that seemingly rises from the earth itself.Whether you draw big on story driven games or not, Baldur's Gate has to be commended for its astonishing voice actors and probably the best lip-sync ever created in gaming history. The battle system is simple button mashing but increases its life-span by intertwining dozens of hand weapons, bows, and magic spells to lay waste to enemies, not to mention many special items that can be claimed for the wide assortment of side-quest and for those who prefer to search every inch of the levels will find that their efforts will be rewarded. Armour also plays a huge part in Baldur's Gate not only actually improving characters defence (Unlike Drakan) but literally giving players a mind-boggling assortment of customization for their appearances. Elements such as fire and ice are attributed to swords and axes, for instance swords with ice have a great chance of freezing enemies then allowing them to be smashed to pieces with the following attack. I was amazed to see a hack & slash game be so incredibly addictive and enjoyable. It's even more fun if you play with a friend and the experience system will keep you playing for hours to master new techniques and gather the ultimate weapon arsenal. It's one of the few games that grows beyond its genre and creates a pedestal for all others to follow. Dark Alliance is a fantastic game and one I sincerely hope to see continue, a must have.
3	B00005Q8IR	"Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance" is port from a popular PC game.  If you like RPG's but don't like having to go though menu after menu in order to fight just one enemy, then this is your game.The first thing that hits about this game is its amazing graphics.  The characters look, act, and move in a realistic manner.  Even the objects in the game react in a real way.  I had fun with the environment.  Just look at how the water ripples as you move though it!  This detail also has a purpose as some objects are breakable and contain helpful items.  How does rippling water help?  Play the game and you'll find out.With three different playable characters (an elf, dwarf, and archer), and one hidden character, replay can be moderate or high.  However since you can have a second player you might want to call you favorite character before buddy does.  The game is realistic enough that if use magic against your friend it can cause some damage (i.e. using a fireball to kill an enemy that's fighting your friend).The fighting system is simple enough that anyone can just star the game and play.  If you can't understand the controls or how to use them there is a tutorial for you.  It shows you everything you need to know including how to use the in-game menus.I do have some problems with the game.  One thing is that it's a little short.  That is if you were to be partial to playing long games like Final Fantasy VII, VIII, etc.  There are only a few side-quests and I think the game could have added a few more.  Otherwise for beginners, it's perfect.This is a great game but you don't have to take my word on it.  Buy it and see for your self.
3	B00005Q8IR	OK, as a teen in the 1970's, I was really into Dungeons &amp; Dragons, so, now as an adult, I couldn't resist buying this game, and boy, am I glad I did! Pretty fun game, and for the low price, you can't beat it!Have your choice of being one of 3 characters. Dwarf, Elf, and a Human. Each bringing to the table different abilities &amp; use of weapons!I mean, what more could you ask for, a cool storyline, awesome graphics, and tons of dark-demonic enemies to whoop into oblivion! And as you advance, you gain more gold, more experience, hit points..etc! Not to mention, you also gain some pretty KILLER weapons &amp; chainmail armor! hehehe (Swords, Battle Axe's, Arrows, Magic Powers, Daggers etc...the whole enchilada!)To sum it all up:Hours of great fun for all you Dungeons &amp; Dragons' lovers out there! This game is WORTH every penny! OK, so, now that you're done reading this review, go buy the game!!!  :D
3	B00005Q8IR	This is a perfect chip off the Baldur's Gate series that has done so well on the PC.  As with all of them it is a third person rpg composed primarily hack, slash, and bespell.  Add a dash of sneak and run, and you have the entire spectrum of strategies available.  If anything, there is even less story content on the PS2 than there is on the PCs.  I didn't count them, but there are about thirty-five levels maybe the same number of monster types.Basically the plot consists of arriving in Baldur's gate, getting mugged and going after the malefactors.  On thing leads to another and soon you are haring all over the countryside killing everything in your sight until you come face-to-face with an old enemy of the town,  On titanic battle later you are looking at the credits.In retrospect, it is hard to believe that someone who spent list price for this game would be very happy about the game play.  Even at the 'on sale, close out' price I was a bit stunned to get through the game in less than 20 hours on the first shot.  And I'm not a particularly fast player.  The game is beautiful to look at, motion is fluid, and you have good control of the camera angle.  But all that artwork takes up most of the space on the DVD, and the game really screams for more of just about everything.Of course, you could always just keep playing the game over until you felt you had gotten your moneys worth.  Since game play is a bit monotonous, this is a viable option.  But no matter what you do, you will always wind up in the same places with the same experience points and some slight variation in spells (not much if you want to win.  There just isn't time to do any real character building.  Oh well, it was almost fun while it lasted!
3	B00005Q8IR	I picked up Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance (BG:DA) for Playstation 2 after finishing Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes on the Xbox. I'm familiar with Bioware, who consistently makes games I really enjoy (including Neverwinter Nights and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic). Additionally, Baldur's Gate came first before D&D; Heroes, so I knew there would be some improvements. Still, Maleficent and I enjoy blowing stuff up together, so we needed a new fix and Baldur's Gate fit the bill.Unlike D&D; Heroes, BG:DA pretends it has role-playing elements and in doing so, just highlights how non-role-playing the game is. Similar to Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic and Neverwinter Nights, there are conversation trees. When you speak to a character, you select a series of responses from a menu. There are maybe five characters you can talk to in total and your conversation doesn't really matter - we quickly discovered that clicking the top choice always meant we'd get to hear the whole story. But you can just skip the whole story too and get right to the matter at hand, which means the role-playing elements are just trappings to make it seem more like D&D.;Forget character customization too, at least at character creation. There are three character types, including an elven sorceress, dwarven (cleric? I didn't play him so not sure), and human arcane archer. Some warning flags should go off for folks who play the third edition of D&D; - one cannot start out as an arcane archer, that's a prestige class. But that doesn't matter - the human, named Vahn, is whom you get to play. While he can hack things up in melee, Vahn's clearly optimized for ranged combat. The game gives subtle hints like dropping great heaps of arrows as the only equipment you find in treasure hoards.BG:DA is obviously geared towards a particular breed of player - the young, [...], male kind. The first character you interact with is a blonde elf that is quite buxom and has a habit of leaning forward, gesturing towards her chest or thrusting her hips. Similarly, the elven sorceress is only elf-like in that she has pointed ears - the rest of her is quite human. [...]The artwork, especially for a PS2 game, is fantastic. The backgrounds and sound effects are impressively crafted and filled with a loving attention to detail. The characters themselves move smoothly and act like real people in their hand gestures and emotions - even the lizard man acts slightly inhuman in how he speaks and moves. The voice acting is well done, but that's something I've come to expect from Bioware.There are some lazy shortcuts that were very irritating in their exclusion. One lizard man sends the heroes through an elemental plane of water, spends five minutes explaining how dangerous the journey will be and then we see a cut scene focusing on some random tower. POOF! That whole water/drowning thing? We never see it - we don't' even see animation explaining the journey. We have to trust on faith that it was a tough swim through the elemental plane of water. When everything else is narrated and explained in such painstaking detail, I expect to see animation explaining it.There is, of course, all the good stuff that some people think equates with a role-playing game: you can buy equipment, switch out arms and armor, and train particular feats and spells as you advance. Little of these powers resemble third edition D&D; - fire shield is considerably weaker than its tabletop counterpart. Strangely, my character was unharmed by Maleficent's burning hands (even when she was blasting right through him) but her fireballs hurt him. Go figure.Some of the monsters are radically different from their tabletop equivalents in weird ways. In Neverwinter Nights, umber hulks are wusses with an irritating confusion gaze. In BG:DA they are terrifying juggernauts, sans gaze. Drow are still as sneaky as ever (it's clear Bioware has a soft spot for the dark-skinned elves), dragons are still a pain in the ass, and giants are suitably fearsome. Bulette burrow and are extremely difficult to kill, which is appropriate, although they waddle like fast moving turtles...not how I envisioned them (or how they move in D&D; Heroes).Perhaps the most unforgivable flaw in the game is that it crashed. That's right folks, just like a PC, the screen went white and the game crashed hard. Considreing we were at a critical point in the game and a lot of objects were on the screen at the same time (magic missiles, multiple enemies, arrows, etc.) I imagine it overtaxed the PS2. But what the heck - if I wanted a game that would crash I would have played it on a PC!As a game developer myself for RetroMUD, I was surprised to see that every corpse and item stays where it is. That means there's no object cleanup. This means that the system has to determine the location of every item, corpse, and monster at all times. Corpses stay right where they are, which is alternately cool and disturbing, especially in rooms of mass slaughter. This problem was resolved in D&D; Heroes (the corpses disintegrate) but it's a big mistake for a game of this size and probably led to the aforementioned crash.I also got stuck once in an area due to clipping errors. These are amateurish mistakes that I haven't since seen repeated (certainly, not in D&D; Heroes) so I'm willing to forgive the developers. But it's their first foray onto console games and it shows. It's a good game, but there are better games now with less boring, click-so-they-shut-up "role-playing" elements.
3	B00005Q8IR	I have never sat down and played a Dungeons and Dragons game, my boyfriend is in to it so I get the jist of things. This game touches mildly on Dungeons and Dragons and is more of a Diablo style game. You go through a story, battle various types of creatures and enter odd lands.It was good to see different types of creatures to fight and not the same thing over and over in each land you went through. I felt as though customizing your character to wear what she or he wanted was fantastic.The only down side to this game it was a little short and I felt as though the graphics and camera angles could have been better. I felt as though being able to head to a store when ever you wanted to should have been in play through the whole game. It was rather a disappointment entering the tower only to find you could not teleport back to a store to sell or make new purchases. The armor in this game should have been a bit broader in many aspects thus making me feel as though my character couldn't keep getting better.All in All if you liked Diablo you'll love this game it is very similar to it. Aside from my small complaints I give this game major props. I am looking forward to playing the second one and I hope that all the small issues I disliked about the game are better in the second one.
3	B00005Q8IR	I played Baldur's gate three times.  Once is usually enough for me.  The option to choose among three characters with different abilities and weapons adds variety.  Automatic healthmeter refills with the push of a button and choice between weapons or spells, once set, were a big speed advantage.There are a few things that would improve this game, however.  I was uncomfortable with the birdseye view. Looking down on the hero's location seemed unatural.  I wished the upgrade meter would fill up faster so I could take advantage of all the neat spells I didn't have the opportunity to explore and the game should be twice as long.
3	B00005Q8IR	This game is GREAT to play with a close friend.  I've been playing with my roommate and we take turns being the sorceress and the dwarf.  This is a good combination, since the sorceress can alternate between spells and a bow, while the dwarf rushes into the fray with a big axe and lots of armor.  The action is great.  The graphics are really stunning (esp. water effects).  The one annoying thing is that you have to go sell and buy things a lot, which is inherently boring in a video game, and since the characters have different &quot;charismas&quot; which determines prices, there's a certain logic to having the most charismatic character (in our case the sorceress) sell and buy everything.  Given that she can't carry much, this means a lot of dropping and picking things up, which gets REALLY repetitive.  If you didn't mind the commerce in Diablo, this is pretty similar so you'll be o.k.Couple of tips:If you play with the dwarf, save up points to get whirlwind attack as soon as possible.  This is a way to attack multiple enemies that really makes the game much more fun, since the dwarf is kind of limited to hacking and slashing.  Also, always raise your strength when possible.  this helps you both carry more and hurt your enemies moreWith the sorceress, skip the following spells to save pts for the better ones:  acid arrow, snowblind, and fireball.  These spells are both ineffective and boring to use.  Trust me, the other spells are worth the wait.
3	B00005Q8IR	I really enjoyed everything about this game.  I played the elven sorceress and was able to beat the game.  Having been a DM for a group playing AD&D; with dice and paper in the early 80's, it was fun to see so many of the monsters and some other elements that were a part of our game back then.  I even got out my old, beaten-up Monster Manual book to look up some of the monsters for old times' sake - umber hulks, lizard men, etc.  Who knew that gelatinous cubes were so fun to fight?!  Some elements of the game are not in keeping with old D&D;, but those are largely for better gameplay, such as recall potions (to leave the dungeon, get supplies, and teleport back to the same point in the dungeon a short while later), spell-casters wearing heavy armor, using spells in rapid-fire and replenishing MP's with potions on the fly with the L2 button, etc.  I thought it took the best of AD&D; and made a really fun adventure game.I thought the graphics and sound were very good, considering how long ago the game came out.  Exploring dark tunnels with the only light coming from your magic sword and shield was cool, as was knowing enemies were near when the flaming sword lit up suddenly.  The game had a lot of moments where I was leaning forward in my chair trying to see just a little further around a corner (as if that would help), but the camera and lighting were effective in giving me the feel of a dangerous dungeon.This was my first venture back into the D&D; world in a long time.  Most of my gaming has been RPG's like the Final Fantasy series, the Shadow Hearts series, etc., and sports and other games.  It was a fun, nostalgic return and a really fun game too.  I will definitely play it again and try to beat it with the archer and dwarf fighter.  I'll also probably try 2-person with a friend, too.
3	B00005Q8IR	Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is an idiosyncratic title.  If you must have waves of strategy and a sussurus of storyline constantly pounding your mind, this game is not for you.  However, if you can accept its lack of the aforementioned, you will have some unadultured fun.BG: DA is not a thinking man's game, it's a hack-and-slash.  Sending the player through droves of seemingly-endless monsters in Diablo-style is the point of the game.  A short, though adaquately written, storyline weaves around the gameplay; the gameplay is the obvious main focus.  Strategy amounts to not entering a large group of enemies that guarantees your death, putting the correct weapons on, allocating gained skill points effectively, and healing when necessary.  Not exactly mind-bending, but acceptable and fun.If you need heavy, deep times--stay far away.  However, if you desire a break from those times or prefer lesser mentally-challenging titles, this game is definitely for you.
3	B00005Q8IR	One of the best to ever come out for PS2 or any system for that matter.  The gameplay and graphics are above most games coming out now for the PS2.  If your into action RPG's like myself, this is the grand-daddy of them all for a console.  What would have made "BG:DA" perfect would have been the ability to custom make a character, and making the game longer would have helped as well.  The game is a perfect balance being not too complex nor being too simplistic.  BG:DA 2 and Champions of Norrath 1&2 doesn't come close to being as good as this game.  I'm still hoping one day someone will make another game like this one with more areas, longer game play, and custom characters.  Until then, I'll just go back and play Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance, from time to time like I still do to this very day.  Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is in my top 3 favorite games of all time.
3	B00005Q8IR	I'm the first to admit that there are now lots of wickedly addictive RPG games that make this feel like it is what it is; something out of the last generation of games. What's also worth mentioning though is that this is still a GREAT game; best when shared with a friend or family member. I would wager that this will still be the case 10 years from now. There's just something almost timeless about this game. And there are plenty of reasons to buy a copy of your own. So go ahead and buy with confidence.
3	B00005Q8IR	Devoid of wisdom regarding the world of Dungeons &amp; Dragons or the pages of The Forgotten Realms, I can however, discern a worthy RPG when I play one.  Lavished with the traits of an honorable dungeon-crawler, Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance produces a flat-out aura of fantasy carnage.  Riotous battle-lust practically oozes from the controller.  The screen dumbfounds even the dullest of the dull with its fanciful schemas.  There is a top-notch cast of voice-overs from the brilliant folks of Soul Revaer 2.  An uncomplicated control scheme runs like child's play.  Vivendi Universal's achievement may not cede ground-breaking innovation, but chucks in the best of the hack-and-slash breed.  Don't get too excited yet, though.  Dark Alliance is not to be mistaken for being wholly unblemished.  Underneath its armor are a few perceptible dents.  An obstructing, isometric camera view can really fuel some frustration when two players thwart in accord.  Avid readers of The Forgotten Realms may even grit their teeth because Dark Alliance's plot is nowhere linked to that of the books, but is an entirely new narrative.An account of strife and escalating war extricates in the progression of blood-spattering cinematics.  If you spend your leisure on Fantasy novels, then Dark Alliance is highly urged with its grand craftsmanship of storytelling.  SquareSoft can take a seat and learn from Final Fantasy X's somewhat forced and yappy dialogue.  Nothing is more pleasing then seeing characters from books come alive, and Dark Alliance has several characters from Baldur's Gate play some quick or trivial roles.  If you eye a D&amp;D zealot grinning about, you'll understand why.  The quest itself initiates once the player selects which boots he shall tread thick and thin through.  Will it be Adrianna the Eleven Sorceress, Vahn the human Ranger, or Kromlech the Dwarven Fighter?  Whichever the player sinks duty into, well preparations is key with an assortment of magical weapons to slay the hundreds of beasts swarming about.  Dark Alliance is mainly focused on slashing through caverns and other regions awaiting to challenge the forces of good.  When gaining a level, the player selects a handful of points onto different attributes of his character, like increasing strength, intelligence, etc.  The plot  proceeds as the players progresses from town to town and collects information. Dark Alliance, in one word, is mayhem, limbs are cut off and sprays of blood flutter everywhere.  Story advancement takes place in 3 Acts.  2 players can fight in unison, ripping holes through the lines of monster hordes.  But if you're the solitary type, the game done alone is an even better undergo since the field map on 2P mode gets squashed in and identifying your character becomes tedious.  As a glut of graphically overbearing spells, hobgoblins, and heroes blast onto the screen, the 2P mode slows down dramatically.  But what's so great about the fluid combat, is that the controller works like a true architecture.  Every button is used and used often.  With Real-Time action and with each blade spewing blood and  throaty screams, Dark Alliance is as action-packed as a summer blockbuster.Represented in real-time polygons, Dark Alliance's animation plays with robust attitude.  Vivendi Universal  conveys their brute of prowess, fabricating an immense world of unending brilliance.  Relying profoundly on flesh, clammy monsters, and relentless battlegrounds, the sheer scope outstrips that of Diablo II on the PC.  Environments are juiced up, bursting with activity, and containing some of the best environmental effects.  Streaming helpings of aesthetics will not have any gamer yawn with gripe.  The unyielding action is smooth and breathes red hot gore.At its brim moments, the 15-hour quest was a very pleasing experience.  Not once did I found myself falling into the mess of grogginess, only jamming buttons while shouting slurs at the merciless multitude of enemies.  Even if Dark Alliance lacked mind-bending puzzles, which would have been a big plus, the RPG will still entertain those infatuated with of the hack-and-slash genre.  Hour upon hour,  helpings of flying flesh planted a firm smirk on my face.  If your soul is full of blood-lust and desired butchery, by all means get this and satiate that hunger.*NOTE:  This Reviewer is very violent and loves GORE*
3	B00005Q8IR	I thought this game was a lot of fun.  I see a lot of graphics  improvement over the earlier PC versions as well as the Diablo series.  I haven't had a chance to play it as a two player game yet, but I am looking forward to that.Some of the limitations of the game that I have run into are bad, but not so much that it's unusable.  One thing is that there is a level with jumping puzzles.  Baldur's Gate is not a platform game, so it shouldn't have a Super Mario Brothers type thing where you jump on a block and it falls down underneath you to lava.  Another thing is the uselessness of gems.  I'm used to other games such as Diablo 2 that allow me to use gems for enhancing weapons.  It confused me to discover that there is no way to do that.  Also, I may be spoiled from games like Chrono Cross, but I want to be able to run away from bosses.  I'm on Act III in the game, but so far I've really needed to go pawn off some of the extra armor and weapons that I picked up after unknowingly walking into a boss.  You can't use the recall potions or anything there, which is stupid.All in all, it's a fun game.  I'm sure many people who play the PC versions of Baldur's Gate scoff at the PS2 version because there's no network play.  However, if you can live without that, this version of Baldur's Gate is great fun.
3	B00005Q8IR	Pros: great grapics, great sound, fun to play, simple to learn.a true classic game for the PS2 in Diablo FashionCons: only one i can even think of is the fact that if you play this you WILL want part 2 which is a little costly but if you buy or own this be sure to buy Baldurs Gate Dark Alliance 2 (PS2)its an adventure spanning 3 chapters (yes that may seem short but the game can take from 10 hours to several days to beat depending on if you play little here and there or blow through it all at once) but honestly i used to own this and had regretted selling it now i have it for the 3rd time and BG DA2 and that makes this worth it especally the fact that you can play as drizzt and also can IMPORT your character into PART 2 making replay value high! its even more fun with a friend *except the platforms that you must jump across in the first chapter doing this 2 player can be annoyingly difficult just have your friend take a dive off the side there till you get through it its the Only Hard Part) but the battles are hack n slash diablo esque style fights andand the bosses *last one made quite an impresion* are awesome and well voiced by the talented voice actors 5 star all the way and worth every penny especally if you liked Champions of Norrath or Champions at Arms also sweet games.
3	B00005Q8IR	This game seems simply amazing. It has everything a real RPG should and must have. Great graphics, sound, gameplay, story line, controls and it's just simply fun to play (especially with a friend in 2ppls co-op quests). What the heck, just one &quot;water movement&quot; effect you will see in the game will make you jump and run across pools and lakes for quite some time.The only few things that are a bit disappoinitng:1. Seems that concept of the game is way too similar to Blizzard's &quot;Diablo&quot; game. They made it look differently but characters spells, skills and even storyline are somewhat similar to &quot;Diablo&quot;.2.There should be more characters to choose from. 3 just isn't enough.3. Seems that archer or sorceress are slightly worse than dwarf. On higher levels of the game it seems arrows and spells don't do as much damage as they should. And it's still much easier to go and slice your enemies with good old mellee weapons.4. 2 ppls co-op is very fun but it would be alot better if you could play 3ppls co-op, since there are 3 different characters, it would make more sense.5. Those &quot;jelly&quot; looking monsters leave impression that  creators got really lazy and didn't feel like creating more of a &quot;quality&quot; looking enemies.Other than that, this game seems almost perfect and is a MUST HAVE for anyone who has PS2 and respects RPG games.Graphics: 5 / 5Sound: 5 / 5Gameplay: 5 / 5Entertainment: 4.5 / 5 (single player),  5 / 5 (2ppls Co-op)Overall: 5 / 5
3	B00005Q8IR	Although it's set in the Forgotten Realms D&amp;D universe, BG:DA features a gameplay style closer to Diablo than the Baldur's Gate games for the PC. I loved both series, so that makes me happy. And those who worried that BG:DA would be a tepid port of the PC games, rest assured that it is an all new, all different adventure.The graphics effects and sounds are fantastic, and the soundtrack is as good or better. It's almost worth getting this game just to show off what the PS2 can do.A few caveats:- The game could be a bit longer, but the three character choices offer decent replay value. Still, it will leave you wanting more.- It helps to have a handle on how to use the gamepad. The controls aren't as simple as the point-and-click interface of Diablo and the original Baldur's Gate, but they are well designed.- Like Diablo, BG:DA is more of an RPG-lite experience than the original Baldur's gate. You only get to choose from three characters that are mostly pre-determined. It's still D&amp;D enough to please me.- Also like Diablo, the hack and slash action can get a little repetitive in spots. When it looks and sounds as good as it does, I don't mind.BG:DA is a different experience than the original Baldur's Gate games for the PC, but it's a good one. And you gotta love the gelatinous cube! Definitely recommended.
3	B00005Q8IR	BALDUR'S GATE: DARK ALLIANCE turned out to be a better game than I expected it to be. I got it on discount and didn't think it would be that entertaining, but it looked different and I was in the mood for something more action/role-playing oriented, so I picked it up.I got involved right after I started and played on and off for three days until I beat the game.  The game is basically an action/adventure game with some extras that make it feel like a role playing game, though as many die-hard D&D; people point out, "It's not a true role-playing game."The plot of the story goes something like this: you're a stranger to the city of Baldur's Gate. Not long after arriving, you are robbed and beaten by a gang of thieves. However, before they can kill you the city guard shows up and the gang runs away. You enter the Elfsong Inn and talked to the woman who runs the place. She tells you she will pay you some money if you will kill all the rats in the basement. You agree and she gives you a rusty knife. That's where the adventure begins. There are three main sections to the story involving somewhere around 30 different levels. Along the way you fight rats, ogres, giants, a beholder, lots of evil men, a dragon, and all sorts of other creatures.At the beginning of the game you are allowed to choose between one of three characters: an elf maiden, a archer man, and a dwarf warrior. Of the three, the dwarf is my favorite because he's able to carry more booty than anyone else. The elf maiden is probably the most difficult character because she's mainly a magician and even when you reach the end of the game, her spells aren't that powerful.  The more creatures you kill, the more experience points you get and the more levels you move up. The higher your experience, the more abilities you are capable of doing.The graphics DARK ALLIANCE were pretty cool and I really liked how you could rotate the screen around to look around objects. However, there are certain areas where this feature is not available. Dialogue between characters is mainly done through an option of selecting some pre-chosen lines. Usually if you choose the first option, you'll hear everything the characters will tell you.Overall, I found DARK ALLIANCE to be enjoyable. It engulfed me for almost three days and I don't regret the time I spent playing it.  Serious role players and serious gamers might not get as much out of it, but for the average joe, it's a good game.
3	B00005Q8IR	Chart a course between the mindless action of Gauntlet and the RPG elements of Diablo and you'll find yourself in Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance. Bearing no resemblance to the series on the PC except for the name, locales and most of the third edition rules of Dungeons and Dragons, Dark Alliance may upset longtime fans at first. The story unfolds as the town of Baldur's Gate is besieged with a troublesome new thieves guild. Your character seeks to track them down to reclaim stolen gold, but soon realize there is a much bigger problem at hand. A fell shadow is falling over the land and Baldur's Gate is merely one point in a great upcoming conflict that you are now drawn into. The visuals are flat out gorgeous with environments that are both intricately detailed and quite enormous. The action is viewed from a top down perspective so you can see the entire hordes of orcs and frost giants hot on your trail as well as the witnessing the full extent of the carnage your full scale magic attacks cause. You can get a close up view of your character and other residents through story and menu screens which make you sorely wish for a way to get such a detailed view during battle.Combat is achieved through straightforward action with most all commands accessable without opening the menu screen. The action is fast and furious although you'll need to employ lots of hit and run tactics until you can find or buy better weapons and armor. Leveling up your characters is easier than tradditonal D&amp;D style games, but your limited to how much you can get built up since enemies don't regenerate and there aren't many optional sidequests. Another gripe is that it's short for an RPG (about 11 Hours) even if its main focus is action. The audio holds its own against the graphics with rich orchestral background music and sharp sound effects. The voice overs are extremely well done and help sell the dramatic story. If you simply are not a fan of action RPG's then none of this is likely to win you over and Baldur's Gate purists will have to have an open mind. For the other 90% of PlayStation 2 owners, Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance is absolutely worth checking out and a highly recommended purchase for action RPG fans.
3	B00005Q8IR	This game has extremely great graphics and lots of very well done voice acting but the gameplay itself has a certain lack of variety.GRAPHICS:10/10: These graphics are better than anything i've ever seen in PS2 game. Facial expressions down to every wrinkle, Extremely smooth textures and everything else imaginable.SOUND:10/10: Very good voice acting, probaly the best I have heard. It adds to the mysteriouness of the game.CONTROL:10/10. Simplistic great controls. I especially like how they did the potions.CINEMAS:7/10: Nothing special just some here and there to explain stuff.REPLAY:6/10: Well I suppose you could play it again..STORY:9/10. It makes you want to finish the game.OVERALL FUN: 7.5/10: This is a good game but it doesn't really have any combos or anything. The leveling up system is a lot simplier than the other baldur's gate games.(It's better) But the game is short. Definitely rent this game, It's up to you if you want to buy it.
3	B00005Q8IW	Tsugunai is not only truely unique in storyline but gameplay as well.In Tsugunai the player takes the role of a &quot;hero&quot; who has angered the goddess of light by stealing the treasure orb from a shrine.After the shrine collapses,the hero awakens to find that he is not dead,but his soul is looking down at his own body whichis in a comma.A monk being the only one who can see him relays to the hero that as a penalty for his actions he must endure a trial by making a diffrence in people's lives.How?(this is the really cool part!) by possessing the bodies of individuals who have sorrow in their hearts and solving the problem/problems that disrupt their lives.Think of that old tv show &quot;Quantum Leap&quot;;the idea of possessing people and going through the game as a soul was enough to hook me in!Alot of people bash this game because there is only one town, which to me doesn't really justify dismissing a well thought out,original and addicting game.There is only one town, because under this trial,the hero can't stray far from his body or his soul will be lost forever.Another thing which is really good is that the diffrent people you possess never have to level up to the acceptable point that you or former characters you have played are at!In other words,whatever level your soul is at,the person you possess automatically inherits the same level!Saygoodbye to tedious level building in weaker characters!Also the weapons and armor that you equip the people you possess will always have them,so you don't have to worry about losing those hard to earn goodies!The soundtrack was good,but not outstanding(except for the celtic music in the tavern...I LOVED THAT!)Although the soundtrack was simple,there was nothing annoying and i found that the music to the random battles was nicely done and strangely grew on me!The characters were all believeable and you even began to really feel for some of them esp the goudovi(a little sprite/dwarf who helps you through the quest)near the endof the game.To sum it up,I think you should try this game for yourself instead of listening to the negative feedbacks of people who are terrified of originality.I'm almost positive that you will enjoy this title as much as I did and wonder why it was given such bad reviews.
3	B00005Q8IW	This is a true under the radar gem for playstation 2. Not many people have even heard of it, but rest assured it is a nice little game, that should not be missed by anyone that is willing to overlook a few flaws. This is an 8 out of 10 game it is an original title with fresh new ideas, however the flaws kept it from being a masterpiece. I would highly recommend checking out a you-tube gameplay review to see if this is your sort of game. Due to several 1 star ratings I am giving this game a 5 star rating instead of 4 even though this is a 4 out of 5 game. Hard game to find, but worth finishing from start to finish.
3	B00005Q8IW	i just beat the game finally and it was awesome. it totally has a different feel than other rpg's. someone else said it is a "rare gem" and that is exactly what it is. great story, good morals to instill for the little bumpkins of today.
3	B00005Q8IW	I bought this game expecting a mediocre rpg.  But instead, I got much more.  I got a game that balances graphics, sound, and storyline brilliantly, resulting in one of the best and most interesting RPGs for the PS2.I highly suggest this to people who have beaten FFX and want more hard core Role Playing Action.  But on top of that, I reccomend this to anyone looking for a good game.  Whether RPGs are your thing or not, Tsugani will own you, from the second you turn on the game.  So don't hesitate.  Buy this one now.Need a second opinion?IGN.com gave this game an 8.4 out of 10.
3	B00005Q8J1	Great for revive old times.
3	B00005Q8J1	Ever play the first one? Didn't you hate the way they split up each character into a &quot;default&quot; and a EX form, with each form possessing only a fraction of that character's usual list of moves? Guess what? There's just ONE version of each character now who possesses ALL of his moves. No more &quot;default&quot; version, no more EX version. Ain't that spectacular? I think it is. Capcom's finally gonna do this game right. Finally!
3	B00005Q8J1	With a populated roster of characters, diverse fighting system comprised from the various titles of the two game companies, and a strong overall gameplay, no fighting game fan can claim themselves as one without Capcom VS SNK 2, which ranks as one of the best in the genre hands-down.There are a few small downsides that can be very sutble; the game can be very technical so unless the difficulty level is cranked down to personal tastes, casual gamers may find it rough in the beginning. The replay value for 1-Player is almost slim to none, but in all honesty who plays a good fighting game by themselves?  And if you're really nit-picky about graphics, then for a 2D fighter expect nothing revolutionary (most complaints are pixel-related, particularly with Dalkstalker's Morgan).That aside, THIS IS A MUST-HAVE, especially for those who enjoyed the chaotic blockbuster, "Marvel VS Capcom 2".
3	B00005Q8J1	Good news:-Interesting gameplay-More charactersBad news:-Still doesn't make as much sense as Marvel vs. Capcom 1 or 2-They(the characters) also don't fight as fast nor as powerful as the ones on Marvel vs. Capcom 1 or 2(Maybe some)Weird news:-Will they actually bring the entire Capcom and SNK families to the show?-Can they make the moves more interesting and organized just like in Marvel vs Capcom?(For example, Ryu's Shinku Hadouken and Ken's Shinryuken are a whole lot better in Marvel vs. Capcom 1 and 2 than they are here)Final news:I think that this is a really cool game as a whole.  But they could make some sense out of it.  If they added Strider, Hayato, Hanzo, Andy or anyone else but no more Street Fighters and King of Fighters and the switching, assisting, team up attacks, and the really insane super moves, this would be a perfect game.
3	B00005Q8J1	This is my first fighting game I have ever gotten. I tried one on the arcade and I thought I'd absolutly love any kind of fighting game I picked. This got really good reviews, so I picked it. When I did get it, to tell you truth, I didn't understand it a bit. I didn't know what the grooves were or the ratios. I still am a little baffled, but I will figure it out sooner or later. Besides that, I think the game is OK. It has several modes that will make this game a decent one for anyone's library. I think I made a pretty good choice of my first fighting game, because I am really not that dissapointed.
3	B00005Q8J1	Yeah, I know most of you are probably saying SFA 3, but honestly, this by far has to be my favourite fighter to date. I've noticed that many people complain that it's not as fast or relentless as Marvel vs Capcom, but this game wasn't meant to be an extreme slugfest of supers and forty-hit combos. What this game is is a test in reflexes and precision. If you make a mistake against a seasoned player, you will more often than not be penalized for it. It is very much a game in the vein of SFA 3 or even virtua fighter, where calculated attacks and strategies, for the most part, will lead you to victory. Each of the 46 (?) characters has his or own specific set of attacks and moves, all of which vary enough to make the game interesting. Perhaps the greatest joy I have with the game is the fact that all of the characters are actually fairly balanced. (Sagat, Blanka and a few others are slightly over-powered, but hey, it's not perfect.) While characters still have certain levels which determine just how strong they are, from CvS 1, this time you get to choose their levels before the match starts. What this means, essentially, is now you can realstically play as M. Bison and Akuma! Not only that, but now there are 6 available grooves to choose from now, instead of the original 2. I won't go into the specifics for each groove, but I'll tell you that they're different enough that fighting with one character in two different grooves is a totally different experience. A P-groove Haohmaru is totally different than playing as a K-groove Haohmaru, for example. The grooves are essentially fighting styles which affect both game mechanics and meter building. For example, some grooves allow you to run, some allow air-blocking, rolling, safe-falls, parrying, guard-cancels and more. Half of the fun is choosing different grooves and experimenting. Each groove has is own pros and cons, and finding your favourite is entertaining in itself. Only one problem I have with the grooves, oddly enough, is that the S-groove sucks. One might assume that if any two grooves were to be completely balanced and useful, they would be the C-grooves (Capcom) and S-grooves. (SNK) Either way, they game is deep enough and balanced enough that you'll spend most of your time using different teams. My personal favourites are Bison, Yamazuki, Ryu and Yuri. However, I've used just about every character in the arcade, and have seen some really cool strategies with different characters. Cammy, E Honda, Ryo, Akuma, Guile, Chun Li, Blanka, Hoahmaru, Geese, Terry and so many others are such good characters that you'll never stick to the same characters for a long time. The list goes on. So unless you like playing a million Cable-Sentinel-Storm vs. Cable-Sentinel-Dr.Doom matches, this is the game for you.
3	B00005Q8J1	Pros:- Great old school 2D fighting graphics- Excellent cast of characters- Tons of characters to choose from- Fast paced- 3 on 3 battles- Ratio system is nice- Many fighting styles available- A couple characters to unlockCons:- I wish you could switch out your character during a round like in the Versus games.- The sprites are a bit more pixelated than they should beI bought this game because it included many of my favorite fighting characters from when I was growing up.
3	B00005Q8J1	If you liked the first one, you'll defenitley like the second!  There are many characters to choose from.  There also two secret characters too.  The intense fighting makes the game great for lovers of Capcom and SNK. The graphics aren't all that great, but its replaced by great gameplay and animation.  SO this game I reccomend for the fighting genre.
3	B00005Q8J1	Originally entitled, Capcom VS SNK 2: Millionaire Fighting 2001 in Japan. Capcom VS SNK for the Dreamcast, was no doubt, the best among the VS series and gamers agree that this was the best 2D fighting game that should not be passed up. It has pleased both Capcom fans and SNK fans altogther but some SNK fans complained about how they changed the characters, but most SNK fans really liked how Capcom enhanced their favorite SNK heroes with beatifully rendered anime style animation. Now two years have passed and the freshly made sequel, Capcom VS SNK 2: Mark of the Millenium was announced and it was said to be better than the prequel of the game...only this time, it was going to release for the PlayStation 2 as one of the first 2D fighters for the console, along with Sammy Entertainment's Guilty Gear X, in the U.S. since the Dreamcast is going out of business. But I didn't complain, since there was still some hope for me. I found that the DC version was available in Japan and I ordered it off of a store where they sell Japanese import games for all kinds of platforms. Currently, I own the game as a Japanese import for the Dreamcast, and it played very well. I also played the PS2 version as well at a nearby videogame store. I've expected the PS2 to surpass the 2D animation of the Dreamcast's superior 2D fighters, but unfortunately it didn't. Like Marvel VS Capcom 2 for the DC, the graphics are amazing and the backgrounds are fully detailed in gorgeous 3D technology. But nothing compared to Marvel VS Capcom 2 or the imported DC version of Capcom VS SNK 2. The 2D animation was way too pixelated. If you're not familiar with what I'm saying, let me sum it up for you. The characters look kinda bumpy. I have known the PS2 for its gracefully enhanced technology in gaming, but this...I was very disappointed with what I saw. It seems like the PS2 is not good at making good looking 2D fighters. That's why I've taken one star down. It would've made 5 stars if it hadn't been for the horrible 2D animated characters. The gameplay still remained solid and it plays the same as its prequel, which is a good thing. The contols remain simple and sometimes hard to master. Once again, the gameplay still combines the best of Capcom and SNK's spectacular playability. Some 2D haters may call it another joke, but this is still, one the best ideas in Capcom 2D fighting in years. The Sound is fantastic and it sounds way better than the first. Unlike Marvel VS Capcom 2, which suffered from horrible, unfit Jazz music, the tracks are very cool to listen to all day. The genres include hip hop, guitar, and orchestral music (the rap theme on the New York stage sounds cool and the appearance of Akuma and Rugal sounds like you're watching a movie). And the voice acting is great. Although there are some changes, there are no problems whatsoever. The cast of characters are an amazing surprise to the fans of SNK and Capcom. Your tears will shed as you see new warriors step into the ring like Rock Howard, the son of Geese Howard (You will see him in Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves on Dreamcast), Hyo Imawano's younger brother, Kyosuke Kagami from Rival Schools and Project Justice, Kasumi's father, Mr. Todo from Art of Fighting fame, The Joke Street Fighter Dan Hibiki, The strongest kickboxer from Thailand, Joe Higashi from the Fatal Fury series, Athena Asamiya from the KOF series, Yun and Yang from Street Fighter III (Yang is a secret character), Hibiki Takane from Last Blade 2, and more ! You will be thoroghly amazed when you see the new bosses of the game like Shin Akuma and God Rugal. Plus some unique features to unlock. Rather than just buying characters, colors, stages, and features by using a short amount of VS points, you can just earn them by simply playng through the game. And plus, its much more easier to earn groove points during battle, depending on which character your using. All in all, Capcom VS SNK 2 for the PS2 is a great 2D fighter, but it could've been more exciting if the 2D animation weren't so bumpy and pixelated. Still, this is even better than the original and belive me. Once you own this game, you'll feel very proud of owning it ! Still, if you want to experience the perfect Capcom VS SNK 2, do what I do and order the Japanese version for the Dreamcast. This version is the same as the PS2 version, only with better character animation. But still, both versions are very impressive. If you loved Capcom VS SNK for the Dreamcast, there is no reason why you should ignore Capcom VS SNK 2: Mark of the Millenium 2001 for the PS2. Respect it by buying it !
3	B00005Q8J1	I got this game last month, and It's off the chain! 1st off, you have the grooves. The CAPCOM grooves are reminiscent of the Street Fighter Alpha/Street Fighter III series, while the SNK grooves are reminiscent of the King of Fighters Series. You can mix and match any of the 6 grooves with an of the fighters in this game.Speaking of fighters, the selection in this game is huge! Over 44 warriors( the majority of the CAPCOM fighters coming from Street Fighter series )occupy this ps2 classic. In other words, with dream matches like Chun Li vs. Mai Shiranui, Shin Akuma vs. Ultimate Rugal, and of course Ryu vs. Kyo Kusanagi, the possibilities are endless.The only thing this game is missing is Story Mode. But with so many other features, like Groove Edit mode, Team Mode, and the like, who cares?If you're on the fence about this game, get off it and get this PS2 gem. You won't be disappointed.
3	B00005Q8J1	buy it, it's great, i love it and i can't wait to EO comes out on gamecube to see what it has to offer.
3	B00005Q8J1	I know how most people these feel about 2D, side scrolling fighting games... "oooh I hate them because they're so early 90's and you can't rotate anywhere and blah blah blah blah". O.k., first off, shut your mouth and listen up because Capcom Vs. SNK is easily the best 2D fighter on any system that I've seen.Now don't get me wrong, I love most 3-D Fighting games but there are so many of them now and all of which are very similar that it gets so annoying and then you end up saying "no more fighting games" and that's not good. Capcom Vs SNK takes the concept of SNK's very popular "King of Fighters" series and mixes it up with "Street Fighter" graphics, action and gameplay. The first time they combined the 2, I almost laughed thinking that the expections wouldn't live up to the hype. And I was wrong now I still can't put this game down.Another reason I like this game so much is because you really don't have to use special moves all the time just like in the original Street Fighter 2. Sure it's nice to use them and they look so much better, now along with the new and improved Super Specials, this game has a lot more going for it. After all, that's one of the drawbacks (in my opinion), to games like Tekken and Mortal Kombat and Killer Instinct. You get beat down miserably if you can't do any of the characters techniques or special moves and yet, the Capcom and SNK games still give you a fair edge because for the most part, the characters are a little more even and each character has his or her own defining points.Speaking of which, there are a lot more characters and the combination of teams that you can build is almost endless (Try my favorite: TEAM CHEAP that consists of Ryu, Terry Bogard and Sagat or Joe Higashi. Trust me you won't lose). Don't even think about it, just get this game. Happy Gaming!
3	B00005Q8J1	The game still plays perfectly and I recommend it for anyone who is a fan of the versus series. Give it a try!
3	B00005Q8J1	This game is a one of the best Street Fighter type games I've played. The character sprites and controls are great. The audio and graphics are excellent for the time it came out. The game is very bright and the anouncer is funny. I was still able to play Chun-Li and get a few good rounds in. There are many modes to try out. These types of games have a learning curve, and its ground that has been tread before, so its not quite new. The variety of characters and animations make up for it. The backgrounds are quite funny too. If you see this game anywhere used its worth the money. Its an entertaining fighting game that is still good. I own the PS2 version.
3	B00005Q8J1	[I have the Gamecube version so there might be differences between my description and the PS2 or Xbox game.]The reason I say what I do in the headline is because this game takes the best of the two companies' libraries, polishes them till they're flawless, and lets you run with it. Most notably, it has more SF Alpha and Rival Schools characters than any other crossover fighting game. Only a few flagship characters are missing (such as SF3's Alex, Darkstalkers' Felicia, KOF's Andy, Shodown's Charlotte). They let you give any of the 6 "grooves" to any character, so you can have Zangief using Shodown's rage system and Terry busting out custom combos a la SF Alpha, and this DOES significantly change how you play each character. Some characters are tweaked for balance (Ken has a couple moves he never had in any SF game... but if you ask me he doesn't need them), but not majorly.The fighting isn't as fast as Marvel v. Capcom 2 nor the Capcom roster so replete, but it's not supposed to be. MvC2 is a different kind of fighter; this is technical, and excellently so. There's no glitchy mechanics that gyp you out of a well-executed combo, or glaring character imbalances (even Dan Hibiki is competent).Contrary to another reviewer's claim, there are a few unlockables: more powerful versions of Ryu, Akuma, Iori, and Rugal; a toolkit that lets you create your own custom groove, and a boss-fight play mode.The Xbox version of this game has online play, but reviewers call it "an online jank-fest" meaning it's too laggy to be much fun. Other than that, there shouldn't be any major difference between each console version. Get the one you're most comfortable with the controller for.
3	B00005Q8J1	Who would win in a fight bewtwwenn Street fighter and the King of Fighters. Now find out in the awesome and sweeeeet Capcom vs. SNK 2. This version ,even if it's older is better than the recently released Gamecube and Xbox versions. Big deal the Xbox version has online play, it was the last system to get the game. Personally if you try to take me on in this game, you will get killed by my team Vega, Riot Blood Iori, and Rugal. SO JUST BRING IT!!!!!
3	B00005Q8J1	There is just one word to describe this game: outstanding.  I have been playing 2-D fighting games for 10 years and I truly believe this is a masterpiece.  For Ryu, Ken, Akuma, and Shina Akuma fans, this is definitely a game that needs to be mastered by these people.  Furthermore, the wide selection of characters not only diversifies the game-play, but lengthens the game time.  To master &quot;ALL&quot; the characters with the different groove settings (type of fighter sequence), may take awhile but it is worth the challenge.  The SNK characters are wonderfully crafted and the graphics are well done.  If you are a SFII, King of Fighters, fatal Fury fan, this is a 2-D game that you don't want to miss.
3	B00005Q8J1	I cannot believe all the negative reviews this game has received.  First of all, if you are a fan of the Capcom fighting games, and if you are also a fan of the SNK fighters--both worlds collide and you get the best of them.  This game is a major upgrade from its predecessor which was also a great game. Give credit where credit is due, if you like fighting games, let alone Capcom or SNK fighters, you are in fighting game wonderland with this title.  You get a wide variety of fighters from the Capcom and SNK universe--you can choose from up to six grooves and 2 customizable grooves after you beat the game under certain criteria.  Great sound, great gameplay, great game.  It is especially fun when played against your friends--this is the title I play the most against other players.  Even if you are not a fighting game fan, this game will turn you around.
3	B00005Q8J1	Sure the game is a little outdated by today's standards. But hell this game is legendary and unique in itself. I mean come on Terry Bogard vs. Ryu that is a dream match! Some of us unfamiliar with SNK will stick enjoy the gameplay and challenge of this game. Over all this game is great and provides hours of entertainment and a challenge for hardcore fight fans!P.S. Terry Bogard > Capcom > SNK
3	B00005Q8J1	I'll admit the characters could look a LOT better but they are passable. I don't understand what went wrong. I played this game at an arcade and the characters looked the same way. I thought it was just a problem with the machine I was using. That aside, this is the best 2d fighter I have ever played. I find the controls to be solid and everything moves very quickly. VERY short load times. This is however, strictly a fighting game. There is little to NO storyline in the game. With these two companies coming together you'd think they could think of SOME story to the characters. The endings are very lame. I'm looking forward to companies taking advantage of these new systems capabilities and give us some endings with full animation and voices. I have mixed feelings about the music in this game. Some of the songs I think are great! Other songs annoy me incredibly.  All in all...if you like fighting games this one is for you.
3	B00005Q8J1	...just how much I love this game.I play SF3 1-3, MVC1-3, SFxT, MK1-9, SVC: Chaos, Darkstalkers, Tekken, Virtua Fighter, Rival Schools, yadda yadda yadda... I play many of the fighters out there, and regularly, and I play to the extent of being pretty decent at all of them.  CVS2 is one of the few games that I've played to the extent of ruining my summer vacations for 2 years in a row.  On the PS2, this game is near-godly.  If it were capable to play this with GGPO, I would react in a way that is too wrong for me to write about in a review for a T rated game.That being said,  This game is amazing.  The tier system and custom Grooves makes it so that this game is truly one that plays to the player's heart.  Being even able to name your own characters and change up the pallets were a sweet touch.  I don't think any other game out there had managed to pull it off quite this nicely.This game was stolen from me a long time ago, and I saw this somewhere for nearly $150 used.  I actually had to think for 10 minutes on whether I'd seriously go for it or not.  That's how much I enjoy this game.  Fortunately, I got it for a much nicer and more reasonable price.  Yay.
3	B00005Q8J1	The graphics are cool seeing the back ground with a cripy tash of animation. I wish the fighter could move as fast like the other fight game "Marvel vs Campcom". The action is a bit slow for me.
3	B00005Q8J1	This is a game for people who like to incorporate strategy into their fights.  If you have Xbox live do not buy this on PS2, get it on Xbox so you can play it online.  I personaly prefer Guilty Gear X2 over this anyday.
3	B00005Q8J1	What do you get when you combine Street Fighter (with a little from Darkstalkers) and King of the Fighters (with a few from Samurai Showdown).  What you get is one of the classics in the realm of 2D fighting games.The idea behind this game is simple.  A tournament is being held to determine 2 things,1) the Best Fighter out there2) The best team out there.Along the way (if you are good enough) one of the bosses from either series will pop up (usually Bison or Geese), however if you are really good (1st place) you get to face off against one of the hidden bosses (the end result of the Akuma vs Rudal battle).Over all this is a simple 2D fighting game that is loads of fun and well worth owning.  It's focused on combat but doing a non stop barrage of fireballs never hurts either now does it.
3	B00005Q8J1	Finally, a worthy fighting game for the PS2. The arcade smash CAPCOM VS SNK 2 hits the PS2 and it's awesome. Lots of characters to choose from. There are over 44 characters to choose from in here! A fighter for everyone...faves like Ryu, Morrigan, Yuri, Sakura, Athena, etc. You can also choose different grooves for alternate special move excutions. For now, this is the best 2D fighting game for the PS2. The graphics and sound are great. The special effects and voices are also well done. My only problem with this game is the skimpy instruction manual. You have to figure out the moves for yourself.. or get the fighter's guide. Other than that it's a great fighter. CAPCOM VS SNK 2 also includes 3 on 3 battles. An awesome sequel to CAPCOM VS SNK.
3	B00005Q8J1	Capcom vs SNK 2 is one of my most played games because I always enjoy Capcom vs games and having classic Capcom characters fight some of the classic SNK characters of course will be an enjoyable experience if your a fan for either series and in Capcom vs SNK 2 there is even more characters which is great. Now the problems with this game. There is not much variety in the selection of characters chosen for this game because to me it should of been named Street Fighter vs SNK, the reason why is because the only characters that were not from the Street Fighter Series is Morrigan from Darkstalkers, Kyosuke from Rival Schools, and Maki from Final Fight. I thought Capcom could at least put some more Darkstalker characters in the game like Pyron, Tailban, or Demitri they could've also put some Red Earth characters and some Third Strike characters in but that would probably make them spend more because they would have to redraw the characters which means new pixels which brings me to the other problem with the game. The reusing of pixels, come on Capcom could of at least spent a little more money on this game by totally redrawing every character for this whole game with Hi-Res Pixels like Guilty Gear, it would be really cool. Another problem with this game is the constant upgrades and downgrades of some characters moves just to make it balanced a little bit more, I HATE THAT! I want the way the characters are in there original games no matter how overpowering there moves may seem or how weak a character may seem, thats the fun of fighting games perfecting the usage of a character no matter how hard they are to play with. Also one other thing I didnt like about Capcom vs SNK 2 and also the first Capcom vs SNK is the backgrounds, I always find it unusual when ther is 3-D backgrounds in a 2-D fighting game, I would of preffered it if they totally made up some new backgrounds or bring back some of the old stages from the Capcom and SNK games but newly drawn. The last thing I didnt like about this game is that there is no specific ending for each character, that would of been really awesome. But other then those reasons overall the game is still fun! I could play it for many hours before I pass out from exhaustion or dehydration and The survival mode is really hard to which is great. You can alos increase the game speed and use the many grooves in the game which is a specific power guage with specific attributes, my suggestion is to master A groove and I mean it there is no point for the other grooves. There is also specific modes where you dont have to use the ratio rule which is good. But anyways this is a FUN GAME!
3	B00005Q8JN	This game turned out to be a good game. The way the boat moves and gameplay is the greatest.  The storyline gets a bit confusing with the wierd names they use for the characters.  You have to beat certain levels on certain difficulties to get nice new boats and arenas to use in multiplayer.Some of the levels seem impossible, though.  There are no checkpoints to save your progress in the middle of a level.  If you like and never get sick of blowing up other boats with many weapons, this is the best game for you.
3	B00005Q8JN	Great graphics, but a bit monotonous on the gameplay.  Basically, you drive an armed boat and blow things up to a story line.  It is fun, though, and I have a good time playing it.  I am yet to do at it in multi-player, so I cannot comment on that aspect of the game.Getting through it is very easy on easy level, and does go up from there.  Easy, though, is very easy.  Ensign level, this is more like cabin boy level.
3	B00005Q8JN	This was a very good guide. It is well illustrated with great maps and character moves to help you complete your game.
3	B00005Q8JN	This game is very fun. There is only one problem. There is only maximum of 6 different weapons for each boat which stinks. In all though this game is very fun.
3	B00005Q8JN	This game is not the best X-Box game out there... coughHALOcough.  However this game is fairly entertaining in its own respect.  I won't go into the details about the graphics (boats and water are fantastic other graphics less impressive).  The storyline is average with the cheesy voiceovers that you find in just about every game these days.  The one player missions are challenging and you have to play them to unlock all the boats for multiplayer.  The mutliplayer features various modes all of which are pretty good.  There's nothing like blowing up my roomate's ship w/ a torpedo.  The key to remember w/ Blood Wake is it's a vehicular combat game on water nothing more nothing less.  This game isn't groundbreaking but it is fun.  I would say that unless you know for sure you want this game to go out and rent it first to see how you like it.  Just remember that you won't have access to all the multiplayer boats until you unlock them in the one player missions.  Overall, this is a good game that belongs in the upper tier of X-Box titles.
3	B00005Q8KL	Let me start off by saying that you cannot get a few appreciation of this game from playing it a day or so..you need to literally play hours to fully grasp all the nuances. Forget the story, it is ridiculous, and just concentrate on the actual boxing.  The game utilizes the analog stick in a way EA Sports with KO Kings 2002 could only wish to.  Your defense in this game depends totally on timing, knwing when to duck and when to sway.  One weakness is lack of blocking, but overall that does not take away much.  Still it should be added to the next version since no boxing game is complete without it.This is very much a thinking man or woman's game..each opponent has a different style which causes you to utilize your brain in order to figure out strategy...For instance, one boxer is very tall and rangy..he keeps flicking out the jab and if you go in swinging he counters very effectively.  In order to have a chance, you have to figure out how to draw him in and then counter yourself.As for KO Kings 2002, that game is nothing more then a glorified ready to Rumble.  It is simply button mashing and a discrace after previous efforts.  In KO Kings once can land well over 100 punches every round while in Victorious boxers you are lucky to land 20..that is how real boxing is.So buy Victorious Boxers and ignore KO Kings..it is the only way EA will get the message that they cannot peddle [junk].
3	B00005Q8KL	Just like the series it's derived from, the story mode of the game pretty much mirrors the sequences of opponents he faces. If you've watched the anime and already know the opponents, it's interesting to see them fight in the game and actually try your hand at beating them. Mashiba has that nasty flicker jab and Hayami has that annoying shotgun punch.As one reviewer said, set your left analog stick to expert control and use the L1 for sway. You can control Ippo much, much better that was. The default controller settings leave much to be desired. I think most people who complained about the controls never bothered trying to change the settings for them or even the camera angles to suit their fighting style better. After setting the left analog stick to expert and sway to L1, I fought alot better and covered more ground around the ring. Fighting-wise, it's a pretty well balanced game with the standard straights, hooks and uppercuts plus some special moves per boxer. You will do alot of bobbing and weaving in this game as there is an absence of blocking which is too bad as that would've made this game better especially near the last opponents who become very, very challenging. I really, really like this game and recommend others to watch the series to appreciate the game a bit more.
3	B00005Q8KL	When I looked at the cover, I knew that this game was good. Indeed, this game delivered a realistic graphics, great player control, and many more.Here's my comments on VBPros: Great graphics, manueverable players, every characters has their unique boxing style.Cons: Lack of combos, hard bossesI highly recommend this game to everyone. I'm sure you don't want to miss this one.
3	B00005Q8KL	Punch Out has always been the king of the Boxing game.  It is true we have had Ready to Rumble, George Foreman KO Boxing, HBO Boxing, and more.  But none of them ever had the heart or pure joy and difficulty that Punch Out had, until now.Victoriouse Boxers is based off an Anime or Manga of the same, or similar title.  YOu start off as Ippo, a young feather weight trying to discover himself in the world of Boxing.  LAter you play as some of the other guys in the same gym and so on.  You face many, many boxers, from muscle bound brutes, to speed demons.  At first you can rely on just beating into submission but later you need to build skill, I am not kidding when you get to later matches and get beaten within seconds because you don't know how to dodge right.COntrols are very fluid and easy to master, one little recomendation though, set the left analoge stick to Expert (For full movement) and the L1 button to sway (So basically you hold L1 and use the Analouge to dodge).The graphics are amazing, and the arenas are very well done to.The sad thing is though is that this will go overlooked because it has very little advertisment, and even worse came out around the same time as Grand Theft Auto 3, and or FInal Fantasy X.THis game is highly recomended, and like I said, this is the most fun Boxing game since Punch Out.
3	B00005Q8KY	Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2 is not as good as it should be. The music is good. Im a rock fan. But some cheap things are, oh say, the backflip to grind. No ones ever done it. There not insane, stupid or crazy enough. Also, there are plants in this video game that when you run over them, they crack like wood. Bottom line, stick to the THPS series.
3	B00005Q8LG	grow up man... i feel the energy for NFSU2 and GT4... the graphics are supposed to be great and gameplay much better than the first one.... this game will probably take up most of my time for the next few month...BTW enrique... grow up man...
3	B00005Q8LG	First off don't believe the reviews IGN and Gamespot have given it because I bought the game today and it is so far 100 times better then the first. You can customize pretty much everything from car audio, to hydraulics,neon lights inside the car,trunk and under the vehicle. The paint jobs are now triple of what they were before with hundreds of diffrent paint jobs. You now have a very well setup city with tons of races at all times and there is shops, garages, bonus races and lots more at all times. There are also alot more cars now which make everything more fun and again EA gives us a awsome soundtrack like Terror Squad with Lean Back, and Chingy with I Do, even another bonus exclusive track just for the Need For Speed series. The graphics are not improved but there not terrible with the frame rate running at around 60 and no choppiness it's awsome. The textures are very bad but besides that the car models are amazing. The sound is another really sweet adition with everything having a great sound to it. Every race has been tweaked along with controls, camera angles and much more making everything more fun and exciting to do. Overall I would reccomend Need For Speed Underground 2 over any other racing game and even some other top games of the holidays it was that good. Try it out you'll see just what I mean about being better then what the reviews say.
3	B00005Q8LG	NFSU does capture the idea of 'building and racing cars' but I think they could go a little further into the design of your so-called 'pimp-mobile'. The only interior you get to design is the trunk, I think they could at least do the seats, or the wheel. Outside design is A-OK. Anything from sideskirts to multi-colored vinyels you make your car fierce.The plot-line in single player mode really dosen't go that deep, your just some guy who wants to get his title back.In multi-player you race your own cars in tracks you already won, but the down-side is the whole graphics in two player is horrible.It is a game worth getting, but you might sell it later on.
3	B00005Q8LG	but theres just no sense of speed in this game thats pretty much its only con so what am i complaining about this game is a really good street roaming game you search for a shop or a race. you can choose races like street X drag drift sprint normal and the underground racing league.tricking out your car is the funnest your cars look so sweet, and theres so many different ways to customize your ride. overall it doesnt have the best graphics but the music and sounds are great.  a great racing game.
3	B00005Q8LG	Need for Speed: Underground 2 is going to be a REALLY TOTAL AWESOME game to play***This is a MUST HAVE GAME TO BUY & play it***I give it 5 Stars "Highly Recommended" REALLY TOTAL WORTH IT TO BUY & play this game on the Sony Playstation 2 game system
3	B00005Q8LG	got it as a gift played like a dream was in the condition it was said to be in, and the person loves it.
3	B00005Q8LG	This game is a great game.  You can customize your car in many different ways (custom gauges, engine and trunk neon, hydralics, doors, split hoods, spinning rims, new bumpers and lights, you can change your car's light color, new cars, new vinyl, SUVs [Escalades, Navigators, and Hummers H2], etc.).  It's a free roaming city and you discover hidden shops to get secret parts.  Also there are new modes.  In Street X, you go on a drift track but you race on it so corners are real tight.  In URL, you go in a race track with no traffic and the reward is high (depending on your sponsor/contract).  In outrun, you find a race car roaming around and challenge him to an outrun.  You must get 1000 feet away from your opponent (it's really not that far.  it's like 2-4 blocks).  Also, you choose what races you want to race (unless you are required to in your sponsorship contract and you must do so many races in your contract.)  And there are many chances to get on a magazine or DVD cover.  Also, you take your own picture for the cover (most of the time).  This game has improved greatly from the first and there is new music from: Snoop Dogg, The Doors, Chingy, Terror Squad, Spider Bait, Queens of the Stone Age, Ministry, and a lot more.  I would definately get this game.  It's worth the $50 and it will keep you busy for a long time with all the new features.  If your not sure about getting the game, rent it first (I did at gamefly.com and it was worth it.  I thought it would be like the first game but it was REALLY different).
3	B00005Q8LG	The videogame Need for Speed Underground 2 is based on driving and building your car up to be the best. When the player first starts playing the game he is arriving in Bay view via airplane, with a note from Samantha referring him to her friend Rachel, who will set the player up there. He also haves the keys to Rachel's Nissan 350Z, which is waiting for him outside the airport. The player then has the option to complete a few races in the before inevitably returning it to car lot, where Rachel will allow him to choose your first car. It is then that the player embarks on a quest to become the top racer in Bay view and eventually take down the man who sabotaged his ride in Need for Speed Underground. The reward for beating the game is all cars and parts. There are several race events to choose from and they are Circuit, Sprint, Drift, Drag, Outrun, Downhill drift, Street X, and Underground Racing League (URL). The characters in the videogame are Rachel and Caleb. The Ratings are E for everyone. This game is available on Game Cube, Play station 2, Xbox, Nintendo DS, Game boy advance, and PC, PSP. EA Black Box developed it.
3	B00005Q8LG	Best game ever. and i play thius game whenever i gett  a chance. if u want it, get it. you will not regret it
3	B00005Q8LG	Its good but its not easy to get all the controls and succeed
3	B00005Q8LG	this still being the most important car game is not only a runing program is a nice ride experience and teach you to modify your car taste
3	B00005Q8LG	YO AINT NO OTHER STREET RACIN GAME SEEIN NSFU2 BESIDES GT4. DONT WASTE UR MONEY ON MIDNIGHT CLUB DUB EDITION THATS ONLY FOR LOSERS THAT THINK RIDIN IN SPINNERS AND WITH LOUD MUFFLER IS BEIN STREET RACING. WEAK AZZ LIL BOYZ! I GOT SOMETHIN TO PUT THAT ESCALADE TO REST U FEEL ME?!!!! BUT PEEK THIS GET THIS GAME AND GT4 CUZ ITS LIKE SHAQ AND KOBE ON THE SAME TEAM U CANT LOSE! U HEARD ME?!!! AND LET ME REMIND U IM THE BEST STREET RACER ALIVE! CANT NO ONE SEE OR TAKE MY CROWN FROM MY HONDA ACCORD EX-R EVO 3!BEST STREET RACER ALIVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8LR	this game is way better then a 4 out of 5.  I think this would be a good second or what ever number og games you have even if it was the only game you play.  I got stars wars rouge leader II, luigis mansion, and wave race:  blue storm and by far the best game of all was luigis mansion.
3	B00005Q8LR	As one of the GameCube's launch titles, a lot was expected of "Luigi's Mansion."  Are the graphics sparkling?  Is the gameplay interesting?  Do the controls work well?  Can Nintendo's most underappreciated character possibly grab part of the spotlight away from his brother?  Well, the answers are yes, yes, yes, and yes.Luigi wins a mansion one day from a contest that he didn't enter.  Yeah, you read that right.  Mario went to check out the mansion, to see if it was some kind of trap, and still hasn't returned.  Luigi gets antsy and finally works up the courage to go into the mansion and search for his missing brother.When he gets into the mansion, he discovers it is populated by hundreds of ghosts, all of which are vulnerable to his scientist friend E. Gadd's new vacuum-cleaner-type device called the "Poltergust."  Using this weapon and some slick thumb skills on the C stick, Luigi can capture the mansion's spook population and get closer to finding his brother.The graphics are nice, certainly.  The ghosts, while not exactly frightening, are very creatively done, and they fit almost seamlessly into the environment.  Luigi's constant shivering and tooth-chattering reminds you not to be scared anyway, because he's doing plenty of that for you.Using the Poltergust, you can unearth all kinds of secrets throughout the mansion, but the real draw is the capturing of the apparitions, "Ghostbusters"-style.  The bigger, "boss"-type ghosts all have something a little different about them, a weakness that you must exhibit before being able to capture them, and sometimes that can be half the fun.  Without question, I think "Luigi's Mansion" manages to live up to initial expectations, delivering a family-friendly experience, a few spooky moments, and even a classical "Mario" reference in the form of the old theme song, reproduced by a set of ghostly musical instruments.  A game well worth its salt.Inventiveness:  8 (out of 10)The game concept and design, while not exactly "Resident Evil," is very well thought-out, and the unique flavor of the "Mario" series manages to hang on to this ghost-hunting adventure.Sound:  8Just about all the sounds are good, and the music is great, but some of the ghosts' noises get to be absolutely maddening after awhile.  Perhaps a few less-annoying sound effects next time, Nintendo?Graphics:  10A dark, spooky mansion done in the light-hearted cartoony style of the Mario series is a dark, spooky mansion done right.  Again, not a game to scare your pants off of you, but rather, to make you laugh at the fright of the protagonist.Control:  9The arrangement of the controls, while perfect for this game, does seem a bit strange.  The B button turns your flashlight on or off, and the C stick controls the direction you turn the Poltergust in to capture a ghost or other booty.  While it may take some getting used to, once you warm up to it, it'll make perfect sense, I promise.-----------------Overall Score:  8.5The bottom line: A G-rated adventurous quest through a spooky mansion finally gets Luigi the credit he deserves, and it shows how much he really does love his brother, despite the second-banana role.  Good job, Nintendo.
3	B00005Q8LR	You may be fooled into thinking that Luigi has been overshadowed by Mario in every game he's ever been in, but that is not the case. In 2001, Luigi got his first game all to himself, and the premise actually involves him saving Mario. The basic premise of Luigi's Mansion is that the plumber in green wins a haunted mansion in which Mario is trapped. A weird baby doctor character named Professor E. Gadd gives him the tools he needs to rid the mansion of ghosts: a flashlight and a vacuum cleaner. The gameplay works well overall, and you'll really feel like a Ghostbuster has you master exposing ghost's hearts with your flashlight and sucking them up. The mansion is basically one huge, multi-floored dungeon, so it's a great thing that you have a functional map. The best parts of the game are the ghosts where you have to figure out how to expose their heart. All-in-all, Luigi's Mansion is quite a fun game and can now be enjoyed for quite a low price.
3	B00005Q8LR	This is one of my favorite video games of all time. I finally stumbled upon it again at an old games store in the city I live in. Was worth the $30 bucks.
3	B00005Q8LR	This is classic Nintendo. Easy to master, yet still deep enough to be fun. Unfortunately, it is slightly repetitive and a little short. However, the lighting effects and visuals are simply stunning. The hardest part in this game is getting the A and H levels. Stunningly, getting less than 5000 is the hardest part in this game, which, admit it, is kind of sad.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi is my Favorite character in Mario bros he's  scared like me of ghosts  and he wears my Favorite color and I have a older brother too
3	B00005Q8LR	Well, I must say a pretty good launch game from Nintendo, but certainly not their best.  This game basicly lacks replay value, and that hurts a game now, a lot.  So, instead of adding more levels, they basicly give you, (after you beat the game) the same mansion just only with a few items in different spots.  After playing the Japanese version I wasn't disappointed at all, as a matter of fact, I was highly impressed.  The puzzles are simple and not very complex, that is until you inch your way to the end, then it starts to pick up a bit, but nothing to absoultly tease your brain over.  For the average gamer, 14- and up, I'll say 8-12 hours of gameplay, if that, so rent this one before a purchase.
3	B00005Q8LR	It would get 5 stars if it was 5 times longer. It would get 3 stars if it didn't have such great replay value. All in all its a great game, so if you own everything in the world except this game, or just want a fun game, buy this game. Its scary how great the graphics are, and its highlighted when you see him turn a doorknob for the first time...cool! The music is very hummable, and the sound is hilarious, especially if its from Luigi. Press A in the middle of nowhere and he says &quot;Mario?&quot; in several different tones.
3	B00005Q8LR	One look at this game and you'll see they didn't slack off.  This game has some of the most breath-taking graphics the Nintendo GameCube has to offer, with smooth-control and easy-to-understand gameplay.However, the game slacks off a little on gameplay time (by that I mean how long it takes to beat the game), and it honestly took me a day to complete (less than 6 hours).  Its a bit shorter than most other GameCube titles.On the good side though the game is easy to learn and a load of fun to play.  This is the type of game that you would want to rent, becuase you could probably finish it in a few days.-A little bit about the game-Put into a contest Luigi never entered, he wins a Haunted House.  When Luigi attempts to visit it, he discovers that Mario is missing!  Playing as Luigi and solving puzzles, capturing ghosts, ou must rescue Mario (wherever he is), and rid the house of all the ghosts that roam it!
3	B00005Q8LR	I love this game it is the best in the entire world!!!!!
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi that's who.Luigi goes ghost busting in his own little launch game.You basically go around from area to area sucking up ghosts with your ghost vacuum.It's fun.It's simple.The music is done well.The graphics are great.The only downsides are, it's a tad short and a tad repetitive.If you're looking for Mario 64 this is not it.This is a different and charming entry into the Mario universe.Recommended.
3	B00005Q8LR	Plot: Luigi recieves an unexpected message. He's won a mansion! Naturally, he's very excited and calls his bro. Mario. Luigi tells Mario to meet him at his mansion to celebrate. Luigi tries to follow the map to the mansion but he becomes lost. Finally he finds the mansion. Mario is no where to find. He goes inside the mansion but doesn't find Mario. He is chased by a ghost but when it looks like his adventure is over, Professor E. Gadd tries to suck the ghost into his invention : The Poltergust 3000. He fails and the ghost gets away. they run back to his lab where he tells Luigi that Mario has been kiddnapped by the ghosts! What will happen to Mario? You have to play to find out.Review: I personally loved this game. I bought it for my son and I found myself playing the game more than he does! It's funny, sometimes challanging and full of fun. Buy this game!
3	B00005Q8LR	If you are going back to collect  Nintendo games or even play them for a little nostalgia pick this up immediately
3	B00005Q8LR	did luidi do something wrong like get bad grades or something and drop out of school and ended up being a plummer? well yea i guess he's been grounded for like a billion years from being a star of any game and if he IS a star in one the word "MARIO" is in the title and this game "luigi's mansion" oh yeaaaa he has a mansion and since he's grounded from bad grades people he has to clean the whole house with a vacum
3	B00005Q8LR	One of the reasons I purchased this game is because it stars Luigi. It is his first game where he stars alone, but not completely as the plot has a lot to do with Mario: to save him!As you would have guessed this game is about Luigi's Mansion, which he won in a competition he didn't even enter, he invited his brother Mario to visit it with him. But when Luigi got there, Mario was gone and the Mansion was overrun with ghosts. When Luigi meets Prof. E. Gadd his goal becomes clear: get rid of the ghosts, find out the source of why this is happening and save his brother Mario ~ and it may all have something to do with the Boo's and Bowser. And what's worse is that Luigi accidentally let the Boo's run riot around the Mansion again, all 50 of them.The gameplay plays like a platformer with 3D environments, along with Nintendo addition of a few Mario traits (like in the music room, playing the Mario Bros theme).Luigi is in full control of a vacuum cleaner that sucks up ghosts and multiple other things in the environment to search for keys for the next door. Sadly that's where the difficulty sets in and reputation lies. You must find so many keys, fight a boss and then it's onto the next level to do the same thing. Along with annoying startled-jumps from Luigi when ghosts appear.Catching ghosts other then `Portrait Ghosts' seems pointless except in some rooms where you will earn a key for defeating them. You don't get coins or points from normal ghosts only on rare occasions of hearts to replenish health.One thing that got to me, was Luigi can't actually jump, punch or pound like Mario is known for, instead is one and only weapon is the vacuum cleaner. Along with this Gameboy Horror to search things.Also the camera angles in boss battles are annoying.A cute addition is the mushroom that causes Luigi to get small, and the pressing of the Nintendo A button, which has his call out "Mario!" but beware, collecting coins is one of your main goals and you will lose them when you get hit by ghosts. The main purpose of the coins is not to buy items or weapons, instead it is more of your score at the end of the game to purchase your own mansion, which you cannot enter and instead is a picture in the gallery of Prof. E. Gadd.The replay value is minimal, as in, the only new thing you unlock is the `Secret Mansion' which is the original Mansion mirrored.I know this review may seem a little negative but it was a really fun game. But short and not a lot of things to do but walk around, many scenes aren't skippable so it makes pressing the A button routine.
3	B00005Q8LR	Any disappointment i felt over the GameCube launching without a Mario game was gone after playing Luigi's mansion. It's so different from any other 3D character driven action title i've played in the last five years. Every room is like an easter egg hunt filled with surprises that'll make you tingly all over especially if you're a longtime Nintendo fan. Uncovering little details like discovering things you didn't see before in mirrors, etc. Make you realize how finely crafted this game really is. The controls take about five munutes to get used to they're really intuitive. If you're getting a GameCube, you owe it to yourself to but this. You won't be disappointed.
3	B00005Q8LR	I probably wouldn't have bought this game when it first came out, but now that its a players' choice game, with a cheaper price tag...its worth it. Like everyone else said, this game doesn't really last too long, although I thought that it was really fun. You suck ghosts up with a vaccum device, and try to find Mario. It doesn't have much replay value, unfortunately. It was one I bought used and traded in for a new game when I was through. I'd probably recommend doing just that, buying it used, or renting it. But definitely play it! It's a refreshing change from normal ol' Mario games. :)
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion was released at the launch of the Nintendo Game Cubes cycle.Dating back to 2001, this title still kicks. A bit off the beaten path of former Mario style games, Luigi's Mansion was a mixed bag for some.The graphics are dated, but the gameplay is still thorough enough to be worth playing. Many modern games strive on powerful graphics, when dated you realize many of the flaws. The game is mysterious, mild paced, overall good fun. The game itself can be completed rather quickly, but the first play through is highly memorable.Controls are a little stiff, and there are no technical levels. Mario games emphasized level based objectives. While Luigi's Mansion still has objectives they are unlocked by further progression. The objectives are to rid a mansion of ghouls. To do so you are given a vacuum, designed specifically for absorbing such ghosts. The variety in ghost is nice, the scenery is plot specific, but changes when prompted. Mario has disappeared, Luigi gained a mansion, coincidence?I found few last generation titles to still hold a candle to modern titles, the timeless ones are now proving themselves. This game is fairly unique and offers a different style of gameplay. Out of the gamecube titles track some other good ones that are rather cheap now. Try out also: Paper Mario 2, Pikmin 1 & 2, Phantasy Star Online Eps 1 & 2, and lastly this!
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion was a launch title for the Nintendo Gamecube. The game introduced the last famous Mario brother in a whole new light by having him rescue Mario. While the gameplay is very fun, and the game itself is highly original, the short amount of time it took to beat the game really puts into the question whether it is worth a lot of money to purchase. If you ever get a chance to play tis game, do not hesitate. It is tons of fun. But if you have to pay +$40 for it, then I would find something else to play in the meantime.
3	B00005Q8LR	I'll Start Off By Telling The Story.One Day Luigi Receives A Message From Mario Saying That He's Won A Mansion But Luigi Doesn't Remember Ever Enterng A Contest So Luigi Needs To Meet Mario At This Mansion But When He Arives Mario Is Nowhere To Be Found And The Mansion Is Crawling With Ghosts So Luigi Needs To Extinquish The Mansion Of Ghosts And Rescue His Brother.This Game Is Defintely Not Perfect But Is Still Pretty Good
3	B00005Q8LR	This game surely is underrated.  This is an extremely fun game.  The graphics definetly showcase the Nintendo Gamecube's power.  The point is simple, collect ghosts.  The story goes like this.  Luigi won a Mansion in a contest he didn't enter.  Luigi called MArio and told him to meet him there at Mid Night.  When he got there MArio wasn't there and then a Ghost comes.  He goes into the next room he sees upstairs, and he sees a little man vacuuming up a ghost.  The Little Man introduces himself and says his name is Prof. Eliv Gadd(E. Gadd for short.  E. Gadd takes him into his house.  HE says that a man in a red hat came to that mansion.  He said the mansion came from nowhere.  Luigi tells him that's his brother.  E. Gadd says that the ghosts caught him.  He gives Luigi the vacuum, the Poltergust 3000, and tells him to look for MArio in the mansion.  That's when you come along.The controlls are very simple and easy.  R is to suck up ghosts using the vacuum, A is to call for Mario(that's useless though).  Z is to view the map.  L is to shoot out elements.  The graphics are amazing.  This has to have the greatest tecstures ever.  A must buy.
3	B00005Q8LR	Bought this for my little brother since he is obsessed with luigi. He loves it, but I think its kind of repetitive and boring. The setting is awesome and everything, it's just a game that is too small for me I guess. I'm used to playing the big games that have places you can explore, but this game just didn't really do it for me. Not a bad game though by any means. It's fun to play all the way through but it isn't something I would play again after I beat it.
3	B00005Q8LR	I was absolutely blown away by the graphic and sound quality of this game.  I loved that the entire game is within one huge castle, and that the names of each room pop up when you enter them.  And I loved the music room, where you use instruments to &quot;play&quot; old Super Mario Bros. theme songs.  Luigi even hums and whistles along (nervously) to the background music.The control also is incredible, and very natural-feeling, using both joysicks and all the buttons.However, my buddy and I finished it in one night, about 6 hours of playing (taking turns on rooms).  And after that, we had no desire to play anymore.  Rent this and wait for the first GameCube Mario game.
3	B00005Q8LR	I've been playing this game ever since I got the Nintendo Gamecube from last Christmas and my mom bought this game to go with it. Although, it is quite fun to play. I had a lot of money and although, running into ghosts take it away. At the end you get a reveal of the house when you save Mario. I just like to play it all over again and chasing ghosts. It's like as if it is Halloween, but it's not. I wish they put in Halloween costumes or something. That would be interesting in the game. So, as a fact this game could be fun to relieve stress.
3	B00005Q8LR	Even though this game is short, and a bit repetitive, it doesn't get boring.  Even after you've completed a bunch of the rooms, the Boos you release provide some replay value.  I just got to the final boss, and I haven't been able to beat it.  It's a lot of fun.  The visuals are impressive, but there isn't a lot of music.  The mansion isn't quiet however, as the ghosts pop up and holler to make Luigi yell, and there's some frantic music when you vacuum up the ghosts.  Luigi hums and whistles a tune nervously as you roam the halls, and he calls for Mario when you press A.  It's one of the better launch titles, and an enjoyable walk through a haunted mansion.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion.  with ghosts, a haunted house and a kidnapped Mario.  Sounds pretty scary, right?  Well...  not really.  But it is pretty cute!  I've been a video game fan for years and since the beginning of Nintendo in the 1980's, Luigi hasn't really had his own video game before.  It seems Mario is always the star.  Mario is the main character, Mario rescues the princes, get's the girl and Luigi is always player number two, with the exception of Mario Brothers 2, where you can pick Luigi as your Main Character.  But for the most part, poor Luigi has always been shoved off to the side.Not this time!  This time, Mario has gotten himself in some deep stuff and needs rescued himself!  That's right, Mario has been captured by the ghosts and it's up to my Main Man Luigi to save the day.  You guide Luigi through the mansion, sucking up ghosts Ghostbuster style.  I'll admit, this game can be quite difficult and it took some time to finish.  You're in a mansion and several doors are locked.  It can be tricky finding your way around, even if you do have your map.  Many of the ghosts can be difficult, too.  Before you can even fight a ghost, you have to figure out a way to bring it out of hiding and fight you.  Finding the exact procedure to get the ghost to come out and fight you can be hard to figure out and battling the ghost can be difficult as well.At the end of the game, be prepared to try your patience.  It will take some practice to finish this one.
3	B00005Q8LR	This game is very good quality. It deserves to be named after the MARIO series. It has a reason why it is 4th in the best selling game list. It has excellent graphics confusable puzzles and plenty of action. I would say this is a 4.  This was my first game and I am not too sorry about that.  So if you like puzzles and adventure then don't hesitate to get this game.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi is delighted to discover he has won a mansion, but is not so enthused to find out it is overrun with  ghosts who have trapped Mario somewhere inside. But the nutty Professor E. Gadd has developed a machine for capturing these creatures, which he calls the Poltergust 3000. With the aid of the Poltergust, Luigi sets off in search of his brother.Inside the mansion Luigi meets the mischievous ghosts who kidnapped his older brother. The ghost's names are cleverly suited to their occupations (the pianist is named ''Melody Pianistonio'' and the artist is called ''Vincent Van Gore'').But while the game is quality, it is a bit light on quantity. Even so, LUIGI'S MANSION is a solid, enjoyable little adventure while it lasts.
3	B00005Q8LR	First of all I would like to say I have always been a fan of Luigi. I recently purchased this game and I was suprised at the amount of fun I had playing this game. Yes I will admit it is a little short but that is no reason for you not to buy it. Tons of ghosts to catch and puzzles to solve. Its good for the whole family. If you're like me and are shopping for gamecube games for christmas this is a definite game to buy. Remember it's people like mario and luigi that seperate the great gamecube from other inferior systems like Xbox and Playstation 2.
3	B00005Q8LR	I know its not the up and coming xbox one or the xbox360 but this is a fun game for just enjoying yourself without online play.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's mansion is a pretty good game and though not without its flaws is very fun.  The graphics for the most part are very good though there are some blurry textures that should have been fixed up before release.  The realtime lighting and shadows are quite simply amazing and easily make up for the handful of blurry textures.  The boss fights and some of the puzzles you have to solve to fight the subbosses are extremely innovatetive, I would like to list some but I don't want to spoil it for those of you who have never played.  The biggest problem I have with the game is that it is too short, hopfully they will make a longer sequel.  In short this is one of the best launch games for the system and is good fun for gamers of all ages.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi Mario's little brother has to save his brother Mario from a terrible fate from ghost and ghouls in this New Adventure Starting Luigi
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion is one of those games unlike any other. The idea is original and they made this game really well.You're Luigi and you have just won a new mansion in a raffle. Once you get to your mansion you realize that it's been haunted by ghosts. As you go into the mansion you meet the crazy professor who wants to capture the ghosts to study them.There are four chapters to this game.The first chapter is really easy and linear.As you move into the second chapter, you're introduced to new hallways, new rooms, new ghosts, new perks, and it's a real step up from the first chapter.The third chapter introduces the use of fire and ice that you can use with your vacuum to help you catch more ghosts.The fourth chapter is the most fun chapter in my opinion in which you can access the entire mansion. You will have to catch Boos which are scattered in the entire mansion, and will force you to go back to the beginning of the game to get all of them. If you get all the Boos you get a huge cash prize for doing so, which is a side goal as you catch all the ghosts.If you get enough money then at the end of the game you get a picture of what you used your money to buy. S rank is the huge mansion while the last rank is just a tent which is hilarious.The bosses are difficult and makes you think outside the box.This game at times made me scared which is surprising for a Mario game but it is nothing but fun. Get this game for your collection.
3	B00005Q8LR	Oh man! I remember when this game came out when the GameCube first came out. I was only a little girl when I was playing this and this game scared me despite it being...well a Mario game and I didn't expect Luigi's Mansion to be really scary...but for kids...it probably was. Especially certain scenes in the game easily missed when you're not paying attention.Now I'm an adult and playing the game and I realized how the game wasn't as scary as I thought it was. It's fun, unique for it's generation, stars Luigi's and one of the better Mario games out there. It helps that there's a Luigi's Mansion 2 coming out.This game was the game that gave Luigi's definite character trait of being afraid of ghosts and introducing E. Gadd to the Mario series as he makes appearances after this game to show that Luigi's Mansion will not be forgotten. Heck, Luigi's Mansion even got a stage in Brawl.The game is not to disappoint. It just saddens me how I waited 10 years before finally getting the game despite beating it when I rented it at Blockbuster.
3	B00005Q8LR	I love this game. Last summer I played it all the time!!!! This game rocks!!!
3	B00005Q8LR	While Mario gets zillions of games to himself every year, it's not often that Luigi gets his own lead, unless you countMario is Missing!.In this lovely little game Luigi goes Ghostbusting in a haunted mansion (one of those Scooby-Doo types) that he has mysteriously won in a competition he didn't even enter. The mansion is crawling with spooks of all kinds but Luigi gets help from a crackpot inventor living nearby. Now armed with a special vacuum cleaner, Luigi must clear every room in the mansion by hoovering-up spooks, and find his missing brother, who has apparently vanished inside.The gameplay is simple and very easy to get the hang of. Some of the rooms you clean up require some extra investigation and puzzle solving so be sure to check everything (I thought the piano room was a cool puzzle to solve) and use your Gameboy Horror to have a good look round.The graphics in Luigi's Mansion may not be up to the standard ofSuper Mario Galaxy 2but they're still very, very smooth and look amazing. Some of the SFX look highly realistic and there's no loading times at all between scenes. The music sounds like it's been done on a Commodore 64 and doesn't sound all that great but it's a cute little theme and I thought it was very funny when Luigi would whistle it whenever it wasn't playing.The mansion itself isn't that big and you'll finish the game in about a week, but when you have this much fun playing it is still worthwhile.Graphic B+Sound BGameplay B+Lasting Appeal B+
3	B00005Q8LR	I thought when I got this game that My son would enjoy it but it didn't look like something I would like that much.Wow was I wrong! I got so addicted to this game I couldn't put it down!The graphics are great, the game is FUN,and there is enough to keep you busy for a while!rent it before you buy it, it may not be everyones cup of tea!
3	B00005Q8LR	luigi's mansion is a incredible game the greatest game in the universe a true classic the best of the best luigi's mansion rocks nintendo are gods they are the greatest video game company in the universe there true genius the best of the best nintendo rocks buy this game if your a really huge nintendo fan you wont be sorry
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion is the first game I bought for Gamecube and it did not disappoint. The graphics are awesome and the gameplay is smooth. The story is adequate and the level of play is challenging but not frustrating. I usually pass on these kinds of games because I get frustrated not being able to pick up every little nuance of the game. But, in Luigi's Mansion, the hints are pretty clear. Once you've mastered how to suck up ghosts the game is rudimentary. Some of the ghosts are harder to lure than others but finding out how to expose their hearts is part of the fun of the game. The last ghost is not too hard to beat and the pomp and circumstance that end the game are ok. Overall, this game is a solid purchase and good addition to any Gamecube collection.
3	B00005Q8LR	This is a GOOD Game, but it is too bent on collection and repetition, kill a ghost, collect some money, repeat 7 times fight a boss and repeat, but after all this , it is still a prety fun game that has good graphics and would almost look like a Cartooney Resident Evil if u took out luigi and his ghosts- Well the back ground would.  The graphics are good.It seems like the mario brothers are into super magic back packs now becasue each of their latest games contains the new fad, maybe mario wante to try out a backpack for himself becasue luigi's helped rescue him.
3	B00005Q8LR	This game is a bit short, but it is fun.  I played it when it first came out and I still like to go back to it.  Give it a try.  I hope they make a sequel with more variety of gameplay and a longer mission for nintendo revolution.
3	B00005Q8LR	this luigi game is great it looks great & play great  for a gamecube game alot of fun . it came in great shape like new
3	B00005Q8LR	This game would be the most fun game I've ever had, except for the fact that without a playersguide, you wouldn't know what to do.  It has the same feel as Mario 64, but with a dark, eerie, spooky theme.  The point is to go around collecting the normal ghosts you usualy see in cartoons, the ones that have the sheet over their head, the classic boo's that have haunted Mario for so long, and the &quot;bosses&quot;, portrait ghosts, which come in all shapes, ages, personalities, and sizes.  Once you do something special, usually capturing a portrait ghost, you get a key.  The problem is, you don't know where to go once you use the key and do everything.  It can get hard, especially when there are fake doors in the halls that slam you into walls.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion may not be a straight up winner, but I wouldn't call his first game a loser at all. The replay value is suspect and the one enormous dungeon mansion can grow tiring, but the graphics are quite beautiful and the interesting game mechanics are enjoyable. The game is clearly geared for a younger audience, but even adult gamers will have some fun. And a note to Luigi - get yourself some acting lessons and a girlfriend.
3	B00005Q8LR	The most challenging and fun part of the game is when the power goes out.Try and see how many ghosts you can vacuum when that happens try for 20 or higher.It's also a lot of fun to catch every Boo.
3	B00005Q8LR	This is a great game to play if your in the spooky mood. I had alot of fun with this game but at times it does get annoying. Sometimes it takes forever to capture certain ghosts. Me and my nephew had played it and it kinda scared him abit. Now I have to play alone without him. But other than that this game is another great game to add to your collection. It doesn't take to long to finish the game just depends on how much free time you have and how long it takes you to figure it out. It is alot of fun to play. Good Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8LR	this is a great game but its too short but its easy enough that you would want to go back a play it again and again this is one of the most inovative games out for gamecube you should buy this when ever you can
3	B00005Q8LR	This is a good game, and is the perfect starter game if you just bought a gamecube but once you beat it ... you don't play it again (at least for me).  This and Super Smash Bros. Melee were the first games I got with the cube and it didn't take very long to beat it.  It's a fun game featuring Luigi who rarely gets the credit he deserves but it's just not hard enough.  If it took longer to beat or if it were as fun and innovative as the Zelda or Mario series, I might want to play this more.  The main reason I got sick of this game is that the whole thing takes place in the manshion, there really is no worlds or temples.  Really, it's not as good because it doesn't take that long to explore the whole place.  In all, this game is more worth renting once or twice until you beat it then buying it.  Unless you are a cube or Mario series fanatic like me, this isn't really worth your money just for the fact that it's too easy to beat.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion let's Mario's little green buddie shine in a battle to cleanse a haunted house of ghosts. The graphics really shine in this short but sweet game.Like all classic Mario and Luigi games, this isn't about slaughter and destruction. Luigi is trying to help out his friend Mario with gorgeous graphics and fun gameplay in the background. Luigi is cleansing a haunted house with a vacuum cleaner, destroying the ghosts and gathering up loot.The graphics are really great. The dust in the air, the mirrors reflecting, the lights shining. This game really shows the power of the GameCube. And the game is classic Mario, with puzzles and thinking over gore and harm.On the other hand, the game can be over simplistic. It's great for kids, but for many gamers the game lasts a few days before it's over. The replay value, once you figure out the puzzles, isn't very involving.Great fun for the younger set, and a great way to see the GameCube's graphic power.
3	B00005Q8LR	sucking up ghosts. sounds tough right? hehe WRONG!!!!Control: B (uses all buttons and sticks exept the the GBA pad and a button)Graphics: A freakin + (great graphics)Challenge: ? (you know, it depends on how good you are)Music: A (ull luv the theme; luigi whistles it):) there u go (report this if it didnt help and ill make a better one)
3	B00005Q8LR	this game is fun!in this game luigi has won a huge mansion  he is really exicted he calls mario over.then luigi gets lost in the woods.hes walking then he sees a creepy old masion.he looks on the map and its the right one!so he walks queit up he opens the door and boo!a ghost comes out of no where!an old man tries to get the ghost with a vc but the ghost escapes.then more come out.then the oldman and luigi escape.then the oldman says his name is professer elven gadd.then he says mario was taken by the boos.so now its up to luigi to rescue mario!you go around sucking ghosts up and collect money.our old friend toad is in the mansion he just saves your game.some ghosts may be hard there are these ghosts like a father,a mother,a baby,dancing ghosts,a fat guy,a grandma,a servent,and way more!THIS GAME IS FUN!THIS IS A MUST HAVE!
3	B00005Q8LR	I love it. All the ghosts and stuff like that. I like how he calls to Mario.
3	B00005Q8LR	One of the games Nintendo showed off at E3 and about everyone loved this excellent game! The graphics are amazingly good. If you look close enough, you can see Luigi's misty breath. The ghosts come at you out of no where to stop you from reaching poor Mario! The problem with Luigi about saving Mario is his fear of ghosts! Armed with a cool looking Game Boy Horror and a vacuum cleaner, Luigi will need help from Toad and E.Gadd! If you don't know E.Gadd, he's a very strange scientist who investigates the strange paranormal happenings in the vast mansion. In English, he stuidies ghosts in the big mansion. If you think Xbox can match up to this excellent 3-D game than play it and weep!
3	B00005Q8LR	I got Luigi's mansion on Christmas in 2003 and played it about an hour after I saw it. I beat the game in two days and this is not a lie.I got really far on the first day (I was in the hallway next to the observatory) and beat the rest on the second. This is a very fun game and I have beaten it two whole times. This is a hint for you, there is a hidden room in the butlers room. Look for a mouse hole and get in first person view, while in first person view press A on the mouse hole to go inside, but make sure you have fire, and you will see lots of treasures. Also look on the back of the case of the luigi's mansion holder to see what it looks like.Blow fire on the goasts to get the ice in them to melt so you can get to the heart and it is vacuum time. you will find lots of treasure and money there and mabye another BOO.
3	B00005Q8LR	This was one of the first games I played on the Game Cube, and I must say, it's pretty fun. The gameplay will have you hooked, and the graphics are very smooth.My only gripe about this game is the simplicity of it, but I guess that's a good thing for a kid's game.My overall rating is 4 out of 5.
3	B00005Q8LR	I sat down and beat this game within 8 hours. Seeing that I had spent 49.99 on this game the day it came out with the Cube, that was something of a disappointment. It's an excellent game, but at times too easy for its own good. Luigi's vacuum ability takes some time to get used to, but it comes in time. I would probably recommend this game for newbies to the Cube, or die hard Mario fans. With other great games such as The Legend of Zelda for the Cube out there, this probably would do you better to rent it. A cute game though.
3	B00005Q8LR	I really like this game. it is fun, easy, and fantastic. I had barely purchased this in december of 2010 because i never owned a gamecube or wii till now. However i remember playing demos in wal-mart. When i had seen this title i had my mom purchase it. but the disc came damaged so i had to purchase a new one. but i dont regret purchasing it twice because the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is fun. One con was that the game was too short. but other than that i love this game.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi of course!His very first game(since mario took every thing luigi could have stared)and i have to say,it's ghostly good!The graphics,the sound(ya know,all spooky)and the gameplay!The point is you win a mansion and you get the adress.You walk there and all you see is a huge haunted house towering over you.A proffeser runs out to tell you&quot;your house has been taken over by ghosts!You have to stop them&quot;you get a vaccum and a flashlight.You also figure out that the ghosts have kidnapped mario!You walk in to save your house and your brother
3	B00005Q8LR	When the Maro Brothers series was introduced in the 1980's, it has been declared as one of the greatest video game series of all time. The feel of the fantasy world has been absolutely supurb and the simpleness of the games make it all worth the while. While everything always has to be around Mario, this prime example focuses in on Mario's brother, Luigi. Still, this is just the 2nd game Luigi has actually starred in, the first one was Mario Is Missing!, but this game is also like it. It was a big move for Nintendo to finally start the Gamecube platform games off with Mario's Brother, and boy is it compelling.Luigi's Mansion, the debut platform game for the Nintendo Gamecube, focuses in on Luigi, getting an flyer claiming he won a contest he didn't enter, and now he finds out that he has to hunt down the infamous King Boo, and all of his ghoulish pals to stop Luigi from rescuing Mario. The game has well over 60 rooms to choose from, with a whole number of details awaiting in the process, including puzzles, and the feel of the game. The graphics on this one are a bit similar to what you see on the Nintendo 64 platform, but the game is really fast upon the CD-ROM gaming. I truly must say, it is one of the most frightening games ever. Even I was nervous from all the vulgar ghosts and goblins in it. Still, it might be challenging for new gamers, but many of them may want Super Mario Sunshine in their actual Gamecube game collection instead.However, the only way you actually can play this one, is to find a strategy guide for Luigi's Mansion, which is very difficult to find bow that a lot of stores don't really have the game in stock anymore. Still, if you can't find it, you will be wasting almost twenty dollars for this game that is actually exciting. Luigi's Mansion is actually one of the most compelling games out there right now, and it is worth the waiting in gold.
3	B00005Q8LR	This was a great game.  At first, I had a little trouble controlling the little vacuum thing, but eventually I got used to it.  It's really fun to play.  Nintendo did such a great job on this.  They stepped away from Mario for a brief moment, and let Luigi get the spotlight, which is great because I was getting sick of Mario anyways.  The graphics are truely amazing.  I love how the house is all dusty.  It really brings out the old, haunted mansion feeling.  They also had a bunch of added features, like how Luigi whistles.  It's not the only music in the game, but the other music is just creepy.  This game is a must have if you love the Mario series.
3	B00005Q8LR	I drooled, eye poped and everything else when I played this game, but there is ONE, only ONE problem with it; it's too [dang] short!  I got to the last boss in 2 days...WITHOUT A MEMORY CARD!!!Still a definite renter.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigis mansion is the first game for the GC, that came out in 2001. Just compare the last N64 game to this game and it is amazing that the graphics became that good in just a short amount of time. It is also to this day the only lugi game that he is used the whole game. I mean this is the first game with a luigi title and u r always luigi in the game. But anyways the purpose of the game is Luigi wins a mansion that happeneds to be haunted and u r supposed to save mario that has been kiddnapped by the ghosts and luigi (who u r) has a vaccumn that sucks the ghosts up and u get either hearts or coins when u suck them up. The more powerful the ghost , the harder is is to suck them up. In order to suck them up u have to shine the flashlight at them and when u see their heart and the health under it u have to be quick to suck them up before they disappear. Overall this is a very good stratergy game but however it is not multiplayer.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion is an excellent game for the Nintendo GameCube.  The basic storyline behind the game is that Luigi gets a memo stating he has won a very large mansion, so he calls Mario and tells him to meet him there to check the place out.  When Luigi arrives, he sees a big dark scary mansion and Mario is nowhere to be found.  The rest of the game involves going into the mansion and trying to find out where Mario inside this large mansion filled with a wide variety of ghosts that do not want you to find your brother.  The Mansion itself consists of a basement, a main floor, a second and third floor, and a roof.  Each floor consists of separate room and new ghosts that all have special methods necessary for you to capture them in an attempt to rescuer your bother Mario.  The game has an adequate amount of replay value as well.  Upon completion of the game, a new "Hidden Mansion" option becomes available where you get to go back through the mansion with a stronger vacuum.  Also with the money you win, you purchase a mansion at the end of the game, and depending on the amount of money you have collected you can continually get a better mansion.  Another added element of replay value is that the ghosts you capture are turned into pictures, and depending on how fast you capture them, you get a different border around the picture.  All and all Luigi's Mansion is a new and fun game to play moving away for the "been there, done that" games that have been coming out lately.  This is truly a must have game for any Nintendo fan, and a great addition to anyone's GameCube library.
3	B00005Q8LR	pros. good graphics. the game is hillarious. many diffrent ghosts. finally it is Luigis time to stand in the spotlightcons. too easy to beat. it can be boring to go back and capture all the Boos
3	B00005Q8LR	Don't be fooled that Luigi's Mansion, a game that is only good, serves as the Nintendo Gamecube's star title. By now, that honor belongs to Super Smash Bros. Melee, and at launch it was held by the likes of Rogue Squadron 2 and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Here to give you the word on Luigi's Mansion is Nintendorks' Eric Denney."It's been very difficult to come to a decision on just what to rate Luigi's Mansion. Luigi is the closest thing to a Mario Flagship title that we saw for GameCube launch, and the bar has been set almost impossibly high after Super Mario Bros., Super Mario World, and Super Mario 64. In the end, while still a solid game, Luigi's Mansion doesn't deserve a spot next to the predecessors.Now that the ugly comparison is out of the way, lets examine the merits and faults of Luigi's Mansion in its own right. What we have in Luigi's Mansion is a fun, solid adventure title with little to no replay value.While the game concept is hardly fresh (and indeed been nearly beaten to death by Capcom), Nintendo still manages to pull it off with characteristic grace. Using the Poltergust vaccum to suck up the ghosts, and mastering the timing of using the flashlight (or other objects) to make the ghosts vulnerable injects a breath of fresh air into the game. At the same time, it proves to be a good example of how to properly program a game for the GameCube controler. Every button is put to good use, and it isn't hard to believe that the game was designed to make the most out of the controller. It wouldn't surprise me at all if future games in the haunted mansion genre start to pick up on some of the controller ideas in future installments.Luigi's Mansion is a fun game, but hardly worth the full retail price. You can rent it once, twice, or even thrice and have a great time with it. A rental time, however is about all the time you need for it. I'm no game wizard (in fact, I rather suck at figuring out game puzzles), but I breezed through this game effortlessly. I wouldn't call it easy, but it isn't more than moderately challenging even at its best. Rent it, and you take it back satisfied. But there are just too many great GameCube games out now to spend the full $on Luigi's Mansion."
3	B00005Q8LR	A type of game like Luigi's Mansion is a great way to kick-start a new video game console.This time, Luigi gets to star in a game of his own.  Luigi wins a haunted mansion in a contest he didn't enter! He calls Mario and tells him to meet him at the mansion so they can celebrate. On the way there, Luigi gets lost in a dark forest. When he finally gets there, Mario isn't at the mansion.Luigi goes inside and finds out that the mansion is infested with ghosts! Luigi looks around and finds an odd little professor named Elvin Gadd. Luigi explains everything, and finds out Mario was captured by King Boo and his subjects! Gadd equips Luigi with a flashlight and a vacumm, and he goes out to save his brother!I think the cartoony graphics in this game are very detailed and rather add a new style to Mario games. The ghosts are extremely funny with things like their "pop down and throw the bomb on the floor" routine. To defeat ghosts, you need to shine your flashlight on the ghost and its heart will appear. Suck with your vacumm. It's energy decreases as you suck more.The music is very cute. It has a "something doesn't seem right" type of sound to it. There isn't much music in this game, but the quality of it makes up for that fact.One of the few flaws of this game is that it can be finished in less than a week (I finished it within 5 days of getting it). But I didn't, like most people would do, take one star away, because the puzzles are challenging, and it's SO much fun to play around in parts of the mansion that are already cleared.I hope a sequel comes out soon!!
3	B00005Q8LR	This game is more like a resident evil with mario characters, except for instead of zombies its ghosts, and instead of guns its a vaccum cleaner!!!  I just got the game last night, but so far its good and i hope will still be good.For a second, the controls will seem akward to you but you'll get used to it. You have to use the c joystick to move the flashlight around lookin for ghosts, and your normal joystick moves you, while R sucks up the ghosts. B turns the flashlight on/off.  L shoots ice and fire stuff at the ghosts. Y takes out your Game Boy Horror to search things. Theres alot of controls, yes I know.Try it out!  Its fun.
3	B00005Q8LR	He's cool, he's brave(sorta), he's the brother of Mario, he's Luigi! It's kind of cool to have a Mario game focus on the supernatural and have Luigi be the hero rather than Mario. The controls may be hard at first but you can practice anytime you want and you quickly get used to them. The mansion is very large and throughout the game you navigate through it and suck up the ghosts (sometimes funny) in the rooms. You don't get bored of the scenery because all the rooms are different; there's a bathroom, nursery, master bedroom, library, ballroom, basement, kitchen, backyard, etc. All of the ghosts are different, too. It's also the legendary King Boo's debut. I would recommend for all ages. The graphics are good and I haven't experienced any problems with the game. It's about time Luigi saves Mario. The game isn't one of those games where it's too hard and you get frustrated and toss it away and it isn't too easy either (beating it too quickly, then not wanting to play it over). It has great quality and it's not that short so it lasts.
3	B00005Q8LR	I am very glad to own this game, as I have enjoyed playing it more than once. It is especially fun to play around Halloween. It is a great game for learning the buttons of a Gamecube controller, as most of them are used at one time or another. I have no real complaints about this game. It's fun to suck up ghosts, Professor E. Gadd is very funny at times, and catching the 100 boos is a nice side quest.
3	B00005Q8LR	Great game and it has neat graphics! Bowser is the last boss you fight.  Its also a classic and I dont think you'll ever find a game that has Luigi alone as the main character.
3	B00005Q8LR	I played this so many times. This game is awesome. There is so mystery to what happened ( besides Mario getting trapped  ) to the people inside  the mansion on how they died. The music is awesome and boss battles are awesome. If you are going to get Luigi's mansion 2 PLAY THIS FIRST
3	B00005Q8LR	I'd say this is a fun game. It is a puzzle/adventure game in which you catch ghosts using a flashlight and a vaccuum. That's right. A vacuum. Despite the plot, there is really nothing scary here, but there is a good, medium difficulty adventure. Catching ghosts means exposing their weak spot and then vacuuming them in a fishing style. Buy it used or rent it. It's very short.
3	B00005Q8LR	I played this game at Dragons Den at the Cross County Mall in New York (yeah!). Although it was the Japanese version, it was still awesome. This game starts off with some really cool FMV's and then it says &quot;Press Start!&quot; You press start and there is a picture of a Mansion and a picture of Professor E. Gadd, (the crazy scientist) for options. You click on the mansion and the game shows Luigi walking toward the mansion, looking at his map. You go inside with only your flashlight. You go to the second floor and try to open both doors. They are both locked. You go back downstairs and a key falls from the sky. (wtf?) You bring it back upstairs and open the door in the middle. Then you see Professor E. Gadd trying to catch a orange ghost with the Polguster 3000 (the vacuum)and it gets away. He gives it to you and sends you in the training room. Go to the middle water pump and press A on it. A ghost comes out behind you and it's your first encounter with a ghost. You flash it with you flashlight for one second and a purple circle with a number 10. Hold the R trigger and you will suck it in with your vacuum. Hold down R and chase it with the control stick. You need to be really good, this requires a lot of hand/eye coordination. You have to do this a couple of times. He will take you back to his room, and choose the second choice (I don't know what it said). You will go back to the main entrance of the mansion with Toad crying. Talk to him, and he'll say that he brought Mario with him and he got lost. He will also ask you to save your data on your Memory Card 59 (available on Amazon.com for 14.99). Then your adventure begins. You better get this game! It's awesome, just like I described it. I hope you like this review. It's more like a walkthrough! LOL :)
3	B00005Q8LR	I never played this during the GameCube era, but I picked it recently and played through it.Story: From what I gather, Luigi wins a contest that awards him a mansion. Mario has been kidnapped by King Boo and you must find and rescue him in the mansion.Gameplay: Action/Adventure game. You go through a mansion trying to turn on the light in each room by trapping ghosts in your Poltergust 3,000 (a vacuum). Your vacuum has 2 options, suck and blow. When trying to capture ghosts, they have a number on them and you must get that number down to zero before they will be sucked in. Once a ghosts is in the vacuum's stream (first by stunning them with the flashlight), you need to rotate the control stick to the opposite way the ghost is facing. Most of the main ghosts you have to discover a way to startle them to start the process. It may be opening a window, catching them when they are distracted, rocking a chair, etc. Each has a special way to take them down and it is a lot of fun trying to figure it out. You also get special vacuum powers later on such as fire, water, and ice. Each is used to clear certain rooms in the game. To continue through the mansion, you must find keys to unlock new doors. Once a key is found, you can check the map to see what door it opens. You also have the ability to scan ghosts to see a hint at their weakness. As you travel through the mansion, you will also get a boo meter in the game that helps track down the boos. You can't get into the last room without trapping all the boos first. The boos have a number by them and you have to follow them room to room until you capture them.Conclusion: Graphics are good for the GameCube. Controls are easy. The game is probably 3-5 hours. It was longer than I thought and a few of the ghosts are pretty tough to capture/figure out. Worth getting if you still have a GameCube or even a Wii since the Wii will play EVERY GameCube title.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi crawls out from Mario's shadow to star in his own game, Luigi's Mansion. Unfortunately, Luigi's triumphant return is well... not so triumphant.For those of you expecting this to be another platformer along the lines of Super Mario Bros./World/64 will be sorely disappointed. This game is more like Luigi meets ghostbusters, as he tries to find Mario in a haunted mansion with nothing more than a ghost vacuum. Don't get me wrong, this game is insanely fun once you get accustomed to the awkward Gamecube controls, but the game ends almost as fast as it starts. It can be completed in less than 5 hours and offers almost nothing in replay value since the puzzles do not change during the second playthrough.The graphics and sounds are both fantastic, worthy of of a Gamecube title. Luigi has various expressions on his face that change depending on his mood, and virtually everything in the house has it's own movement and can be interacted with. He also calls out Mario's name and starts whistling to the background music with a shaky voice throughout the course of the game. It's easy to see that a lot of attention was paid to details.This game is a great Gamecube title that may not be what people expected, but still worth the price of admission. If gaming one night stands don't bother you, then give Luigi's Mansion a try!
3	B00005Q8LR	ok, its true this game is pretty short. it has four main areas to defeat each with a ghost boss to fight. still, there are a few goodies our friends at nintendo stuck in there to keep us busy. there are 50 BOO ghosts that you must hunt down to gain bonus points after you beat the game. you can look for marios 5 missing clues, you can go hunting for the 3 treasure rooms and the rare golden cheese. with all that said, more about those 4 areas. each area has a number of sub bosses that must be defeated for keys to open doors. there are about 28 of these ghosts all together. once the game has reaches the 4th area limit, the manion goes dark and stays like that untill the section is completed. this part is pretty scary. to top is off, the final boss is very very very very very HARD!!! so dont expect to have him beaten in one day. it took me a week just to beat him. once the game is over, your total score ir ranked by how much money you found, all the BOOs you found, all the bosses and sub bosses you defeted, and any other bonus items you have. the higher your total, the better yout letter grade will be. once you have your rank, you get a sort of new masion. the higher you yout rank, the better and nicer the new mansion looks. there isnt a huge diffenrce with the game once you play it with the new look, but it still makes you feel proud you did it. to wrap it up, the game is kinda short but still is an instant classic that is bound to be up with Donkey Kong Country(SNES) and Mario 64.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi finally gets his own game! Instead of copying Mario and jumping on Goombas, Luigi wins a mansion! YAY! But the bad news is that is haunted by ghost who kidnapped Mario. BOO! To save Mario, Luigi must vaccuum up every ghost in the huge mansion. It sounds tedious, but Nintendo packed a lot of variety into the game. The 28 mini-boss ghosts in the game have interesting personalitites. The first mini-boss ghost was reading a book in front of a fire place. The second mini-boss was the reading ghost's wife. The real boss of that area was the baby: Chauency. Chauency was VERY DISTURBING! Not only was he a baby ghost, he constanly cried and threw teddy bears at Luigi. Then he shrank Luigi and tried to squash him. After Luigi vaccuums the baby ghost, you still have 25 more to go. Each ghost has their own room, and the visuals are quite charming. At one point two ghost decide to a waltz together, and a spotlight shone on them. Another ghost was an artist, so his studio was filled with sculptures and paintings. The rustic mansion had so much charm and beauty, it can hardly be described with words. Then the musical scores. When Luigi is in the hallways of the mansion a spooky and distictive tune plays, but when he enters a room with a ghost the blaring music stops and the entire room is silent. It was a very ominous effect. The controls are a bit difficult at first, but it's fine once you get used to it. I recommened the game to anybody who likes unique ideas or anyone who just bought a Gamecube. It is slightly small, but it lasted long enough for me to save up enough for another Gamecube game. If you plan on buying the 3DS sequel it would also be a good idea to warm up with the first one.
3	B00005Q8LR	"Luigi's Mansion" is a fun game starring Luigi, who won a mansion in a contest he never entered.  Problem is, this mansion is crawling with ghosts and Mario, who went into the mansion earlier, hasn't been heard from since.  So it is up to Luigi to rid the mansion of ghosts and find out what happened to his brother.The game consists of Luigi exploring the many dark rooms of the mansion (which is four floors) and fighting ghosts using a flashlight to stun them and a special vacuum called the Poltergust 3000 to suck them up.  This is a very creative way to fight enemies that I enjoy very much in this game.  It's a nice departure from jumping on enemies like you do in countless other "Mario" games.  (The vacuum can also eventually shoot fire, water, and ice later on in the game, as well.)  I also really like that until the lights come on, you're exploring these dark rooms with a flashlight as your only source of light.  It's a bit spooky, but luckily not in a creepy way.Anyway, as you explore the mansion, you find keys to get to new rooms, lots of money, and a variety of ghosts.  There are regular ghosts, Boos (like from previous games), and portrait ghosts, which are special ghosts who hide their weak point extra well, and so may take a little thinking to defeat.  I think there is an interesting variety of portrait ghosts, who are actually people rather than just random enemies like the other ghosts.  It kind of gives a little extra bit of story to the game, like how the butler has a crush on the piano player, and the granny likes playing jokes on people.  It just made the game more interesting than simply capturing nothing but nameless ghosts.Besides the ghosts, it is also fun looking for money, which can be hidden anywhere, like in furniture or secret rooms or even secret ghosts or in more clever places, such as plants that only give up their hidden money when they're watered.  It gives you a reason to check out every bit of the mansion to try and see how much money you can find.Another fun thing is that some things are different depending on how well you do in the game.  Like the portrait ghost get turned into portraits after each boss battle, and the better you do fighting them, the nicer the portrait.  Also, at the end of the game, Luigi has a different mansion built, and it is nicer or uglier depending on how much money you found.  So that gives you a bit more motivation to do a good job with certain parts of the game.A few last comments.  The graphics look nice, and there isn't much to the music, but it fits the game well, nonetheless.  The game is pretty short, but the good thing about that is the game never really gets boring.  It may not have lasted long, but I certainly had fun the entire time.  Because it's short, I don't know if the game is really worth as much as it's selling for, but it is certainly a fun and unique game if you can get it.
3	B00005Q8LR	Luigi's Mansion is a game of skill to capture all the ghosts and get a good grade at the end.  In Luigi's Mansion the player has to figure out puzzles and know where the ghosts hide to capture them.  When Luigi goes into the mansion the place is very dark, the player has to find a key to get into the first room to meet Professer E. Gadd a weird little guy who invented the vacuum he's using called the Poltergust 3000.  The reason Luigi is in the Mansion is because he won it in a contest he never entered and went to check it out with his brother, Mario, but his brother went on up a head and said he would meet Luigi there, when Luigi gets there he can't find his brother anywhere so he decides to look in the Mansion.The game is fairly easy when the player knows the controls, the controls are the following:A button is having call for his brother Mario and to examine/open things; B button is how to turn off the flashfight; Y button is the map screen; X button is search view through the Gameboy Horror; Z button is inventory, use this to see all the gems, coins, pearls, items of Mario's, element medals such as ice, water, fire, and how many ghosts have been caught; R button is how to suck in ghosts, treasures, pans, books - nearly anything; L button is how to shoot things; Use the control stick to move Luigi around; and use the C stick to have Luigi aim the vacuum.To know how to capture a ghost take the Ghost Capturing 101 course that prof. Gadd has created in his lab or just read this to learn how, the first thing to do is watch out, the ghosts love to sneak up behind Luigi, sometimes they'll be there or in certain rooms just their shadow or a wisp of smoke. Watch for the signs. the second thing is when the ghost shows up shine the flashlight at it to stun the ghost, some ghost are more wily and will freeze only when you find thier weakness. The third thing to do is once the ghost is frozen use the vacuum to suck it up and once its hooked just keep on pulling to see the ghost's hit points deplete as you pull.Some ghosts like to grab Luigi, to get rid of them just move the control stick back and forth to shake them loose. Some ghosts come down from the roof of the floor Luigi's on, the only way to catch them is to get them is to hit them with the flashlight when they start to laugh.When Luigi's heart points get low try to find a heart to restore his health, the best place to find a big heart is in the baby's room in the dresser behind the door. Luigi can also get some from ghosts but its random.Once the Boos are released they will run from Luigi and hid, once one is found the boo will try to hid again so use the vacuum to suck it up, the only problem is they are impervious to the vacuum so if it escapes chase it down because if it escapes for to long it will hid somewhere else, one way to keep them in the room is to freeze them.I love this game and I would recommend this to anybody who loves, Mario, Luigi, and a very exciting game.
3	B00005Q8LR	This game really shows off the capability of the Gamecube.  Reflections in mirrors, see-through ghosts, and more.  The levels are intricate and involved but easy enough for the younger crowd to handle.  My 8 year old loves the fun of trying to find and vacuum the ghosts up!!  I got addicted real quick.  The only down side personally was that I completed the game relatively quickly.  It takes me awhile to finish games but I had this one licked in no time.  My son is still working on his game, though.  A great game but there are better for the Gamecube!!
3	B00005Q8LR	the hose is a pretty good part.  the ghosts are in there and thats how you know you beat them.
3	B00005Q8LR	I see and hear a lot of criticism laid on Luigi's Mansion, but I thought it was more enjoyable than his brother's Sunshine game (I grew tired of washing things).  Luigi's game does a good job of creating a scary-yet-cartoonish atmosphere to immerse yourself into, and it's fun to go-round sucking ghosts into your vacuum cleaner.Of course no game is perfect, and the flaw here is that the fun only lasts ~20 hours, but I figure I'd rather have a short solid title than one that pads the game with long stretches of boredom (cough - Wind Waker).  Resident Evil 2 is only 20 hours long too, but I still consider it the best survival-horror game to date.  It's short but solid, and so too is Luigi's Mansion.Recommended buy.
3	B00005Q8LR	It is great that Nintendo GameCube made a Luigi game, Mario has been kidnapped and Luigi has to save him. But the game lacks Mario characters.. (Peach, Toadsworth, Yoshi's ect)The game itself.. very fun and entertaining, but a tad too Easy. I rented this game twice in a row, for a total of 3 and 1/2 days of being able to play it, and unfortunetely, I didn't complete it. I got (all by myself, very rarely found myself wondering what to do, as I said, too easy) and got to the Boss battle before King Boo, which is  The Other big boo. lol. I was 1 boo away from beating the boss. I know if I could have had one more day with the game I would have been able to complete it. I looked at a walkthrough (cuz I wont be able to play the rest of the game anyway) and the rest (last Area, Area 4) would have been really easy.. but unfortunetely I have to return the game soon. (less than 1/2 hr) I think the Boss battle King Boo would have been tricky.. Sadly; I will never see the ending of the game, I spent 8$ total on renting the game for 4 days, and I'm not going to buy the game now. I mean; if I was going to do that I wouldn't have rented it in the first place!Next: Replay value. The replay value is fair. There is only 1 reason I would not have fun playing it over again is there are WAY too many ghosts to vaccum.. it is tiring. But other Mario titles, like "Paper Mario" and "Paper Mario, Thousand Year Old Door"  Have much better replay value than this game does, I can play those two over and over again and not get tired of them. But playing Luigi's Mansion again, I would get really tired of it. That is why I suggest renting it first, THEN if you love the game buy it. Many of my other N64 and GameCube games have better replay value then this one. But this is still a great game the first time you play it.I just wish I could have finished it and seen the ending.. oh well. But that is my advice, rent it first, then if you like it, buy it! I like it but since the replay value, in my opinion is so poor I don't want to buy it.By the way; At least I found Mario even if I didn't get to save him! LOL.happy gaming.
3	B00005Q8LR	This has got to be the best GCN game of its kind.Yesterday I was at Toys R' Us and I played 3 GCN games and put them into 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place in a half hour. Luigi's Mansion was 1st. It has a simple but interesting play control and an even more interesting story.When the game starts, you'll see a jittery Luigi walking into a mansion...a mansion he won in a contest he didn't even enter(creepy,huh?).Inside Luigi meets a one-haired professor that gives him the Poltergust 3000(or something like that),an ultra-powerful vacuum that can suck up paranormal beings. He then tells Luigi what happened to Mario...he got lost in the mansion(...with ghosts!!!!). And then Luigi's adventure really begins. I recommend this game to anyone that owns a GameCube(or will own one.)
3	B00005Q8LR	When it was released with the launch of the Nintendo Gamecube in 2001, "Luigi's Mansion" took both praise and criticism for being an a-typical "launch game" for the new system.  Both viewpoints are valid depending on what type of gamer you might be.Basically, this game puts you in control of the usually second-fiddle Luigi, who is searching for brother Mario in a haunted mansion full of Boos.  Armed with a ghost-sucking vacuum device, Luigi must suck up all the ghosts and get his fellow plumber out of the house of horrors.In terms of gameplay, this game gets old quickly.  Basically, you just go around sucking up ghosts and getting keys to rooms to...suck up more ghosts.  It's fun for awhile, but gets tedious after about the first 5-6 ghosts or so.The presentation, however, is what makes this game still fun to play even 10+ years after its inception.  The graphics are perfect for this type of game (cartoony yet clean), while the humor of many of the situations is pitch-perfect.  Because Luigi is such a quirky character in the Nintendo cannon, there isn't that "Mario pressure" and thus the game developers were just able to let things loose and have a little fun with this one.Overall, "Luigi's Mansion" is a fun game because of (not in spite of) its quirkiness.  Younger gamers will especially love this effort, as the gameplay will never feel stale for their skill set.  More seasoned gamers will just laugh at the presentation/atmosphere and take the goofiness all in stride.  I'd give it 3.5 stars to be exact, but it gets bumped up to four full stars here because it is just so innocent and fun.
3	B00005Q8LV	this is a very great game for the gamecube (it is aslo exsclusive to the gamecube) but there is a down side the controlls are a bit tricky but they have good tutorials which makes up for it and in the long run the way the controlls are set up it will be to your advantage especially when doing stunts. I was able to work the controlls to be able to play well in about :30 which isn`t long and it goes fast when you use the tutorial. but to be able to do everything well it took :45 min but don`t let that get you down. there are only 8 players yes but that is a lot when you have the game and you think about it. after you master the controlls you will have hours and hours of great gameplay with plenty of replay value. so if you are looking for a great game here it is!
3	B00005Q8LV	Honestly, I did. But not in the beginning. When this game was at the pique of my interest, I enjoyed it as much as the first.The first, however, the music I believe was more memorable.And it was "sunnier". I'm a pretty upbeat person, but I'm also real.That may sound like it adds nothing to the review, but when I played the first I liked the sunny levels, to only get the drearier and "more complex-musically" levels once in a while in between.If I recall correctly, this game had more dreary levels, which was fine but something about the first games' levels, "Sunny Beach", "Dolphin Park", etc, etc, were a bit better. Maybe it's because I played the first first. Maybe not.The music was much brighter and "poppy" then (if you will).This game does do some things better however:-character amount grew from a measly 4 to 8.-the graphics are better. duh.-the rumble made it more realistic.4.25 stars.End note: Now this is what I call an underrated game. Maybe an underrated series. NO ONE that I knew could handle these games like I could. No one wanted to. And if they did, they were too young, like a cousin...So I played both alone.The first wasn't rumble-enabled like Star Fox 64, was it?
3	B00005Q8LV	When I first got my gamecube, Wave Race seemed like a pretty good game, but the more I play it, the more I love it.  It is challenging, but with time it becomes quite addicting.  I personally like the stunts section of the game.  With practice you can do all sorts of stunts.  There are hidden features too.  The only one I've discovered is that you can actually ride a dolphin.  With the multi-player feature, this game becomes a great group activity.  I totally recommend it.
3	B00005Q8LV	underrated game works great
3	B00005Q8LV	Two things about this game stand out above everything else:- Control. Right out of the gate you should know that this game has a big learning curve in controlling the jet-ski. Some people who play the game for 2 minutes put the controller down and complain of stiff steering, but guess what? A real jet-ski can't turn on a dime either, and neither should these. What you have here is truly realistic jet-ski racing, and if you stick with it and learn how to control your racer, you've got a really rewarding experience ahead of you.- Graphics. The game's water looks simply amazing. They really went all out in creating the wave physics in this game: the waves ripple, ebb and flow just like real water. It's not perfect: sometimes the water seems &lt;i&gt;too&lt;/i&gt; crystal clear, and it lacks enough reflections on the surface to make it totally photo-realistic. But it is truly a thing to see, and the important thing is that the wave physics make the racing experience all that much more realistic.If you enjoy racing games, don't pass this one up. It's the best water racing game I've played on any of the three systems.
3	B00005Q8LV	At first i didn't think Wave Race's visuals were much of a leap over what PS2 can do, but little details made me change my mind. Sea life swimming around, racing full speed over still, mirror like water...The visuals are sweet. The coastline is sometimes a tad glitchy, but you won't care once you're off the starting line. The control takes some getting used to, but i thought it became natural very quickly. THe only problem with Blue storm is that around the time you get the hang of everything and really start enjoying it, it's over. The tracks are huge and challenging, with a good amount of secrets and variety, ut there aren't enough of them to keep you from finishing the game in a weekend if that. It's a shame cux it didn't feel like Expert circuit was the hardest it could get. Races can sometimes be very frustrating, hit a buoy or a walll and in no time flat you'll be in last place, facing the wrong way. You can recover, but knowing how to use turbo and avoid other racers wakes is the key. Anyone who takes the time to learn each course's nuances in Time Attack will have no trouble. I would've enjoyed multiplayer racing more, if My friend Greg and Jon weren't constantly crashing into things, blaming it on the control. Amateurs, it's too bad there aren't more options to customize your racer. ONly two or three of the eight racers handle well enough to be of any real use. I wish there were more to it, but i still thought it was great fun. Arcade racing fans, this one's for you.
3	B00005Q8LV	Wave Race Bluestorm is an extremely fun water ski racing game!  It has a great multiplayer option, and a fun single player mode.  You get to play as one of I think 6 people that each have different traits.  The controlls are god, and the graphics, especially that water effects are amazing.  This is the kind of game you can easily get into because you don't have to be an experienced gamer to be able to play it.  Oh yeah and there is a new move, the turbo move, which lets you, after gathering enough energy, lets you go really fast for a short period.  The tricks you can do in this game are awesome.  You can do flips, supermans,left barrel roles, right barrel roles, backflips, and more.  There is a stunt mode which lets you do tricks trying to get the most points.  This is a great game for the Gamecube.  Highly reccomended.~~~Daniel~~
3	B00005Q8LV	For a launch title, this game is really pretty impresive.  I've played it, and the first thing that struck me was the water effects.  The glare looks real, and when you see the rain I'm sure you'll be as impresed as I was.  Second, the physics are pretty true to real jet skiing, which is always a plus.  Overall, the game is a fun little racer and definately better than the previous title on N64.
3	B00005Q8LV	Wave Race Blue Storm is actually an excellent game and I dont think it deserved the somewhat unwelcome and negative press it got. Most people would agree this game looks amazing,because it does and if you dont then you're blind. The handling may seem tricky at first but once the player gets used to it, the agme gets extremely entertaining. The multiplayer is great with 4 and the single player gives a good lasting challenge as well. But a lot of people and games websites have given it mediocre to good reviews which it definitely does not deserve. Here is a list of pluses and minuses for the game :Pluses- Incredible graphics not just on the water but on the riders and courses too- Great gameplay with tricks and good racing elements- Good multiplayer and this is something most of these kind of games lack- Lasting challenge.- Good for fans of the original AND newcomers- The racers have a good variety and dont play all the sameMinuses- Sound is terrible. Not for the music and sound effects but the commentary is SOOOOO annoying...- More courses would be nice...- The AI is sometimes very cheaty- Multiplayer is good but some may find it dull because new players will lose very badly to pros and no handicap optionBut this game is very good overall and I think it should have been received better in a gaming community where some absolutely [lousy] games get good attention
3	B00005Q8LV	This game rocks!  Good graphics, and music.  The waves and weather conditions are really realistic.  You can either race or have trick compeditions.  2P is even more fun.  A nice selection of characters each with different + and - adds some statagie to the game.  The only thing I dislike is that there aren't any secret characters or anything.  There are some special areas though, and by entering the right passwords, you can even try riding a dolphin.  If you like realistic racing games, you won't be able to keep your hands off this one.
3	B00005Q8LV	This is a really really good looking game, and it plays great too.  It seems to be a little short on courses but the different weather conditions make up for it.It's a lot like the first game, which is something I am starting to say a lot with gamecube titles.  I hope this isn't the case for too long.But anyway it's great fun and has huge waves and accurate physics effects.  Most of the new tricks are really lame though.(Left Can Can, Right Can Can, Nac Nac???)The multiplayer is great though, never any slowdown at all.
3	B00005Q8LV	This game is got to be the best water game out there in my opinion. You have so many options to go in, and I think it's overall fun. When I got this game I found myself playing it for about 4 to 5 hours straight. I got into this one alot. At first the controls were alittle tricky to learn all the moves and stunts but then I got the hang of it quick. It's not hard, they take you step by step on how to use the controls for moves and stunts right on the game and you can go into it when ever you want. The free roam is great, and the stunt mode. The racing is fantastic. All the modes are great. You can even choose what location you want to ride in. My favorite is Dolphin Park. Especially in Free Roam Mode because the Dolphin follows you where ever you go. The graphics on it are way cool. I have alot of fun with this game. It truly is the best water game out!!!!!!! And it's really fun with 2 or 4 players. It's Great!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8LV	Like fun sports action? Wave Race : Blue Storm brings fun jet-ski wave riding to the Game Cube with gorgeous water graphics.Sports games on consoles need to draw you into the competition. Wave Racer does this nicely with a variety of characters to choose from and a series of very different race areas. There are fun stunts to do, different race tracks, a variety of environmental conditions. There's fun music, too.The graphics, as I mentioned, are really amazing. Water is one of the hardest things to code - it's fluid, dynamic, and changes near you affect objects further away (ripples, splashes, etc). Wave races does a phenomonal job with waves, see-through water, and the rest. There are still a few bizarre flaws - try to do a barrel roll over the sand and, when you fall off, you climb up out of the depths of the sand back onto your racer.A great escapist fantasy of blue waters and warm sands!
3	B00005Q8LV	Racing on the waves through a blue storm on the Gamecube. The new masterpiece was re-created from the original N64 version called Wave Race. Both of them defyend graphics beyond comprehension on the N64 and the Gamecube. Do yourself a favor: Buy Wave Race:Blue Storm and try to admit it was a horror. You'll see how hard it is...
3	B00005Q8LV	WHAT IS SO FUN ABOUT 6 LEVEL THAT YOU CAN WATER JET SKY ON. THIS GAME IS NOT THAT FUN AND IS NOT COMPLETE. PLUS THE GRAPGHIC OF GAMECUBE are sorry. GAME CUBE IS NOT SO POWERFUL....PLUS PS2 will be more power when the hhd and expansion bay come out and xbox is already more powerful than the gamecube. XBOX FOREVER...XBOX...THE FUTURE OF GAMING!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8LV	Just to say,the best water racing game ever!The graphics rule like there is no 4 of july and the sounds are great!WAVES UP DUDE!
3	B00005Q8LV	You can get three new levels. Once you beat it you get the weather changer. Each level is fun and has shortcuts. The bad thing about this game is that you have to go around the yellow and red booies. I like this game, but I would rather have SSX Tricky. At least it's better than that stupid Dark Summit and PacMan World 2.
3	B00005Q8LV	Here's a mini-review of Wave Race: Blue Storm, brought to you by the fine folks at Nintendorks.&quot;With any console launch, game companies are apt to bring a successful series into the next-generation, making full use of all the new graphical advantages while trying to retain that stellar gameplay core. Nintendo has done just that with the release of Wave Race: Blue Storm, the sequel to the near-launch N64 version released five years previous. But rather than develop the game internally, Nintendo handed the series to NST (responsible for the underrated Ridge Racer 64), one of the many development houses in its vast second-party lineup.Those expecting a radical shift in design from the first game will be greatly disappointed; Blue Storm follows the Wave Race model closely, as the game exhibits a very similar ideology in terms of track design, control and basic gameplay mechanics. But once you get over that, you will find what makes Blue Storm so special: a control system that has been fine-tuned to perfection, a dynamite weather system and a water and wave dynamic that is simply unparalleled on any other console. Throw in a plethora of excellent modes and some new gameplay additions (turbo boost) and the message becomes clear: Wave Race: Blue Storm is simply one of the most well-crafted and defining games that the GameCube has to offer at launch.There are those who might be quick to point out that Wave Race: Blue Storm is remarkably similar to its 64-counterpart, and there is only one response to these criticisms: they're right. There is no denying that NST has not radically changed the basic nature of the game. But there is also no denying that Blue Storm is simply a superbly designed racer. The spot-on control and varying weather are the game's big calling cards, and Blue Storm delivers these elements in shining form. Coupled with striking graphics, an excellent multiplayer mode and incredibly realistic water motion, these components come together to make one congealed mass of fun. This is an impressive debut for NST on the GameCube, and they could have done no better job than preserve the legacy of the Wave Race series so perfectly with Blue Storm.&quot;
3	B00005Q8LV	I have owned Wave Race for N64 since the month that it came out.  And that is a great game.  But Wave Race: Blue Storm is even better.  However, if you do not own Wave Race for N64 I would not reccomend this game to you.  It is very difficult to catch on, and if you really want to learn, the tutorial is rather boring.  I love the HUGE challenge of this game, and if you are a big racing challenge lover this could be the game for you, even if you do not have it for N64.  One major difference is that in this Wave Race, the levels change DRAMATICALLY from one difficulty to the next.  Once you unlock hard and expert, I can garentee it will take you a pretty long time to beat it.  In terms of graphics, I'm sure you've heard that it's great.  In terms of 2 player action, the 2 player stunt is a great addition.  Also, if you really want to be good at this game, take advantage of the free roam selection to look around the whole level for secrets with no time limit.  After all, without shortcuts, Wave Race: Blue Storm is an average game.
3	B00005Q8LV	This game rules!!!  I think everyone who owns a GAMECUBE should get this!!!
3	B00005Q8LV	This game is incredible!! What a jump from the Waverace for the 64.  Fish swimming beneath you, water spraying on the camera lens, leaning over your machine in the turns, and so much more.  The graphics are splendid, crisp, and clean.  This is already a favorite for my buddy and me to go head to head.  My son loves the trick courses and has become very tricky!!  Plenty of challenging courses, fun characters, great courses with hidden routes.  The wave motion of the tides and water is incredible and got my whole body rolling a couple of times.  Great game to have in your Gamecube collection for years to come.
3	B00005Q8LV	For some strange reason Wave Race: Blue Storm has been plagued with many conflicting reviews all over the internet. Some very respectable sites have given it high ratings, like ign.com - 9.2 out of 10. But elsewhere you'll see many average-joe reviewers (like here on Amazon.com) who vent about the hard controls, or how it's too much like the first Wave Race, etc (many of them give incredibly low scores of 0 or 1). So before I ever played the game I had strange ideas about what it would be like.Eventually I gave in and purchased it used, I really liked the first one and had to play the new one. Upon playing Wave Race: Blue Storm for the first time i was really shocked, this game is so great. The graphics are fantastic and will catch your eye immediately, the water especially (with fish, dolphins, whales, sharks, penguins, etc) is so awesome. But the controls are really good as well, I was shocked that so many people could complain about it. I was able to jump into the game pretty easily and I didn't find the controls too hard at all. Of course it gets more challenging as you play harder cicuits and when the weather gets worse, but that's to be expected and just adds to the depth of the gameplay. The sound is incredibly improved over the first Wave Race, it even has some pretty cool music. I really like this game alot, I think the only problem is it's going to be hard for people who don't own it. A newbie will find it challenging to hang in there with a seasoned Wave Race veteran, especially since there's no handicap option in multiplayer. But besides that this game is very solid, and if you can get some other Wave Race lovin' buddies together you're in for a real good time. There's really no question that this game is worthy of 5 stars.
3	B00005Q8LY	The ingenuity of this game is amazing. You control little creatures called Pikmin. There are several types of Pikmin that you will meet throughout the game. The first type you will encounter is the Red. They are the best fighters, and are fire resistant. They drown when they are put in water (I learned this the hard way. THe second type is yellow. They have large ears and can fly higher than other Pikmin. They also can handle bomb rocks, which are used to knock down stone walls. The third kind are the blue Pikmin. They have gills and are water resistant. You start off with one type of each pikmin, then as you beat creatures,they drop pellets, which are made of nutrients from the things the creatures consume. The pikmin then team up to lift the carcass and pellets back to their onion, or  nest. Here, the objects are regenerated into Pikmin sprouts. If you let the seeds stay in the ground, they will grow into a bud and eventually a flower. When they have been grown fully, they are more efficient. There are 5 beautifully designed stages where the parts have been scattered. Which leads us to our plot. As the miniscule Olimar, you, along with the help of Pikmin, have to get to the rocket parts. You have 30 days to do this. You will see the sun move across the top of the screen, simulating time passing. Overall, the visuals are stunning, the creativity is unequaled, and the plot is great. The only thing that could have been better is the replay value, however challenge mode and the high scores may keep you in check for an extra week.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin has got to be the most original and addictive game I've played in a really long time. Nintendo has another winner on its hands, and I just hope people look past the &quot;cute&quot; look of this game and see how truly fun it is.Yes, the Pikmin look sorta cutesy, but if you try this game, you'll find that this game's kiddie looks evaporate about 5 seconds after you see a dozen or so of them get stomped on and gobbled up by a giant frog.A previous reviewer mentioned that this &quot;series&quot; should have died out long ago, but I don't know what he's talking about. Pikmin isn't a series and this is the first game of its kind. He must be thinking of Pokemon, which is a totally different style of game.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is finally here. The breath of fresh air that was supposedly going to change the way we look at strategy games is in stores as I type this. Everyone always asks, "What is Pikmin about, anyway?" Yet, no one seems to know. So, by reading this review, you will not only find out what the hell it's about, but you will also receive the green light to go pick up this awesome game.Pikmin is about a strange, size-of-a-Quarter alien-creature named Captain Olimar. The good ol' Captain seems to live a normal human life, as we are told throughout his adventure on this even more strange planet than his. He has a family, and is apparently a Spaceman. He's also a very intelligent being. A meteor hit the Dolphin, which is Captain Olimar's trusty rocket, thus destroying the poor guy's spaceship. Once he lands on this odd planet, he has noticed that he only has 30 Days to stay on this planet, as the air is highly polluted, and his fresh air system will fail in that amount of time. The Captain is also missing 30 Pieces of his Spaceship, the Dolphin. He finds a contraption that sprouts seeds, which he names an "Onion." The seeds, you ask? They are called "Pikmin." These Pikmin are half animal-half plant creatures that will help Mr. Olimar find his ship pieces, and return him home safely.Well, now that we got that out of the way, let's cut into the beefy center of the game... Pikmin is a strategy game that will control your boredom hours for several days. If you actually have a life, then it will control your boredom hours for several weeks. It's about 12 Hours long, so it's not as short as Luigi's Mansion, but it could be a lot longer. Nonetheless, the game is a MUST OWN if you have a GameCube, and gets my vote for GameCube Game of The Year, without a doubt.Okay, so now that I've given you the story and the green light to buy this bad boy, I guess you want details, eh? Okay. You can have up to 100 Pikmin on the screen and under your control at once. Pretty nifty, huh? This will come in handy for boss battles. Certain monsters are tiny, some are huge, some roam the land, some swim in shallow water, and some like to fly. What you will have to do is send a pack of 60 or more Pikmin to defeat huge monsters, as they can become a pain in small numbers, and kill most of your poor, innocent little Pikmin. There is nothing more frustrating than planting 60 seeds and having 70 dead Pikmin in return. Tsk, tsk.Speaking of seeds, once you kill enemies, drag their dead, lifeless bodies back to your "Onion" to sprout more Pikmin! That's right, not only will you get parts to your ship for defeating bosses, but if you have enough Pikmin to carry parts and carcasses, then send one pack of Pikmin for a part, and one pack for the seeds.There are three types of Pikmin; Red Pikmin, which are land animals! They can defeat enemies in a jiffy without dying as much as the blue or yellow, and they are immune to fire. Blue Pikmin, which can swim without a problem, but die easier than the rest, and Yellow Pikmin, who are known for their incredible strength to lift Bombs! How do you get different seeds, you ask? Whichever color Pikmin lifts an object to get de-seeded, that is the color of Pikmin you will get out of that object.Enough of the mushy-stuff. The real fun lies in Pikmin's amazing perspective on making you think before you do anything. If there is a piece of the Dolphin on a ledge that Captain Olimar cannot get to, throw some Pikmin on top of the ledge, and guide them from there! I would explain more of this incredible feature that makes you use your brain like no game has in years, but that would spoil the fun for you, and why would I want to do that?You have a clock in the game, and the Pikmin can only be outside from Sunrise to Sundown, as the planet isn't very lit up. So each day, you have around 14 hours to roam around and collect parts. However, these 14 hours go by very fast, and you will find yourself on the next day in no time. Just ask anybody that played Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. They will tell you how fast the time goes. Make sure you have collected all of your Pikmin before time runs out, or the loose Pikmin will become Ladybug-Food. Worried about the time limit? Don't worry! It's what makes the game fun, and this is coming from me, who disliked Majora's Mask because of the same problem.If you own a GameCube, you must own this game. It's too short, and that is my only complaint. It's still longer than, let's say, Resident Evil, so don't worry on the length of the game. The game also has tons of replay value, and it's so charming, that you will be playing this one for years to come. The game also has that classic Miyamoto "charm" in it's writing and feel. The best game on the GameCube. Period.
3	B00005Q8LY	I found myself writing a review for Star Fox Adventures earlier today because I saw so many five star reviews for a game that is simply not fun.  Writing that review got me to thinking about how well designed and fun Pikmin is.  People spend a lot of time discussing graphics and technichal achievements in games and sometimes forget that we play them for fun.  Pikmin was created by Nintendo's head genius Shigeru Miyamoto, and it's fun.  It's not the longest game ever, but it's so well designed that I guarantee you will beat it at least twice.  If you are looking for an adventure or puzzle game that won't frustrate or bore you, this is a great choice.
3	B00005Q8LY	I'm sick and tired of (people) writing these bad reviews about Pikmin when they have not even played the damn game. The game is very fun and everyone of all ages will love it, I promise. Adults and kids alike will enjoy this game and it is addictive. (...) I love it and I bet you you will too.
3	B00005Q8LY	The creator of Mario has done it again with a game that is sure to sell plenty of Gamecubes over the next few months.  This game is beautiful and very technically impressive, but at the same time leaves you begging for more.You are marooned on a planet and need to find 30 different parts for your space ship, but with only a limited time to do so.  You have 30 "days" in the game that are really 15 minute segments in real-time.  You use small, mindless creatures called "Pikmin" that each have seperate qualities and abilities, who aid you in your quest.The best part of this game is the difficulty.  The game is never too hard or really stumps you, but it also never gets too easy or repetitive.  It has the perfect mix of strategy and action, all doused in gorgeous graphics and control.Overall, I would suggest this game for anyone who has a good 7 hours to blow with their shiny new Gamecube.  Who wouldn't trust the creator of Mario?
3	B00005Q8LY	I just got his game, but I can conlude that it is a very nice game. This is fun because: You get the little pikmen with items brought to your item. (which is fun to watch the pikmen bring the item they have to carry it to the onion) The boss fights are real cool to watch, as your pikmen get killed. The pikmen are very loyal. They will carry any item, get thrown, and more. They will even line up by color.  This is my second favorite game for gamecube. Only Super Smash Bros. is beter. I think SSB. is better, because of all the fun, and features in it. Pikmen, though, is probably for younger kids. 13 or under, since it is sort of a non violent game.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is a game that is mostly organizing and strategy.  The game takes no skill really because you just need to push A a lot in order to attack someone with those little guys.  This game is very challenging becuase you are timed 30 days and have to do as much as you can in one day.  I really suggest this game to anyone who wants a game thats challenging and long.  There might be only 5 levels, but you goto to them over and over again to do different things.  The controls of this are really simple and comfortable to handle.  The game clearly explains the controls a lot so you don't forget.  So once again Pikmin is one of the most innovative game out there!
3	B00005Q8LY	This game is so much fun to play. There is no game like it and you have to try it. Played again and again many times.
3	B00005Q8LY	Charming is probably the best word to describe Pikmin, and not just because of the doe eyed title critters. The gameplay, a puzzle based real time strategy hybrid of sorts, is as unique as it is captivating with great controls outside of a small probble. Anyone can pick up Pikmin right away, but with time you realize just how many different ways you could play through it. It's one of those games i often paused and just sat with, considering m next move. You really want to be careful because cute little items, or the tiny trumpet that sounds as they march, quickly trick you into loving the lil [critters]. So much viciously tearing it apart from all sides like a pack of crazed hyena, becomes a strangely proud moment. The nice variety of bad guys has a weakness to dis that, like Luigi's Mansion, Pikmin ends right as it's find all 30 pieces, plus there are tons of reasons for replay. But just as the complexity of the puzzles is reaching that sweet spot, where you see all the possibilities and the true beauty of this game, it's over. A few more areas like the last level could have made this great game much better.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin has got to be the wierdest game I have ever played. I love it! Only a true game master such as Shigeru Miyamoto could have possibly dreamed up a game as original and innovative as this.The main theme of the game for those of you who don't know what its al about...Captin Olimar, a great space traveler, has crashed-landed on a strange planet after his ship collided with a meteor. After a prilimanary examination of his surroundings, he has looked over his beloved ship, The Dolphin(anyone recognize the code name for Gamecube?). He has discovered that his ship is missing 30 parts apon crash-landing, and if he ever wishes to return to Planet Hoctate where his wife and two children are, he must recover his lost parts. And to make matters worse, he has detected the poisinous gas oxegen in the planets atmosphere, and his life-support will be able to hold out for only 30 more days. Then as he is beginning to explore, he finds a strange plant that spouts a single seed upon his arrival. After a short time, the seed grows into a sprout that waves back and forth. Olimar aproches the sprout and picks it, only to find not a plant but a living creature! The creature, bearing a resemblance to a minature carrot on his planet called a Pikpik, simply stands there looking as Olimar, as if waiting for his orders. He decides he will call this strange species a Pikmin, and must enlist the help of more Pikmin to help him recover his missing ship parts.The game, while challenging but rewarding, is great fun to play, and with time, the Pikmin grow to be not your slaves working for you, but your friends trying to help you, and every time you lose one, its not just another Pikmin gone, its a comrade you have lost in battle.The attitude seemes to be light and happy throghout, but really in firece battles it is quite intense. And although it is a charming game and the Pikmin themselves are cute little critters, dont let that trick you into thinking this is a child's game, because I think it is games like this and Super Monkey Ball(also a great game) that cause people who aren't fans of nintendo to think that its a childish system , but if they actually sat down and played them for a few minutes, they would relize that it is really a very challenging game that is not at all childish.Pikmin is up there with Super Smash Brothers Melee at the top of the list of my favorite Gamecube games, and anyone who dismisses it as a kiddie game will be missing out on one of the very best Gamecube games out there.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin. This game is a nintendo classic. Pure genius and quite original. You basicly build an army kill things to build a bigger army to help you get the parts back for your broken ship.Watch out though cause time is of the essence. The animation and graphics are beautiful and the gmaeplay is easy for even the newest gamer.This is quite the game.
3	B00005Q8LY	My friend got this game for his birthday. I played it at his house for no less than six to eight hours. I was absolutely obsessed. It was so fun and addictive, challenging and puzzling, and so much. All the stuff you can expect from my buddy Miyamoto...oh...except for the fact that I so exitedly bought a GCube, Pikmin, and Luigi's Mansion, and strategy guides for each the next day. Which is good, but I completely beat the game in a day. Buy the game! It's great! But be reasonable and don't play it too much.
3	B00005Q8LY	Well, this game was a lot better than I expected.  It is (thankfully) not related to Pokemon in anyway.  The Pikmin actually perform useful tasks, such as carrying the missing rocket parts, building bridges, bombing or tearing down gates and walls, and killing enemies who would rather eat Captain Olimar and the Pikmin.  Despite it's kiddie sort of charm (the Pikmin are kind of cute little buggers) little kids would probably be upset playing this.  It's not pleasant watching dozens of your Pikmin getting eaten, or blown up, or drowning.  Anyway, this is really a lot of fun.  For most of the rocket parts you need to find, you have to solve some kind of puzzle, like what color Pikmin to use, while others are lying out in the open, or in the bellies of particularly tough enemies (the Emperor Bulblax is one of the biggest and weirdest boss on the gamecube so far)  The game seems to be over too quick, but it's a lot of fun while it lasts.  Buy it, and you'll be satisfied.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is a fun game if you like Strategy, Action, Adventure, etc games. Heres the deal, your a space traveler names Captian Olimar that was on vacation and was hit by a meteor. He crash lands on a planet and has to find 30 ship parts before he runs out of air. You only get 30 days (each is about 15 minutes(accept the first)). But you find an "Onion" which is the pikmin's nest thing.  The small pikmin help you fight enemies and get your ship back to 1 piece. Its a very good game however it ends kinda quick. But hey all get games have to have some downsides. If your not sure rent it first
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is a new type of game coming straight out of Nintendo. Legendary game designer Shigeru Miyamoto designed this game. And he known for making great games. The game revolves around Captain Olimar and his little Pikmin friends. Captain Olimar has crashed landed on a planet and has to get off the planet in 30 days due to a poisonous gas called oxygen. He finds little creatures called Pikmin. And the adventure begins... The graphics in this game are amazing. The worlds look photo-realistic. Don't let the appearance of the characters fool you into thinking this is a kid game. This game can be enjoyed be just about everyone. The game is quite a challenge. But it's not too hard nor is it too easy. It's quite funny watching the Pikmin run into battle. Truly a great game! Hang in there little guys.
3	B00005Q8LY	Shigeru Miyamoto is the owner of a fertile imagination. Very few who know his name will argue that point, and fewer still will argue the quality of his work. As perhaps the greatest asset still under Nintendo's grasp, his fame is surprisingly low-key. Little more than the most hard-core gamers know of his existence, but everyone who's ever seen a joystick has a pretty extensive knowledge of his creations. Super Mario Brothers. Donkey Kong. The Legend of Zelda. Mario Kart. F-Zero. Starfox. Super Smash Brothers. It reads like a top ten list of Nintendo's greatest achievements, and it all stems back to one man. So, naturally, when this guy's motivated to flesh out a new idea it's a pretty newsworthy event.Such was the circumstance when Pikmin was revealed to the world near the launch of the GameCube in late 2001. It was promoted as the system's &quot;must-have&quot; launch title, a role in which any of the famed creator's previous titles would have soared. Unfortunately, Pikmin isn't a game I'd classify as a cornerstone in any sense of the word, which is what Nintendo desperately needed at that point in time. Every bit of the Miyamoto-trademarked addictive gameplay, uncensored originality and effortless simplicity is here in full force, but the game never took off because of the way it was marketed. As an understated, unheralded underground success released a year or two after the first-wave launch titles, this game would have taken the gaming world by storm. As the central focus of a next-gen console, it was horribly misplaced and, along with Nintendo itself, quickly lost in the shuffle.Which is a shame, because this is a really enjoyable little package. It tackles a number of cliches that have plagued the gaming scene for years, gathers several completely unrelated genres and produces a game that you've never seen anything even remotely like. It successfully proves that higher framerates, larger numbers of polygons and faster processors haven't completely eliminated the kind of light hearted, inexplicably believable experience that used to fill every game on the old NES and Atari.This isn't the best looking game on the market, nor does it need to be. The real magic of Pikmin is in its simplicity, which is something that's wisely protected by keeping the game's environments understated and clean. It is a little disconcerting to see how flat some of the textures are upon close inspection, but since the majority of the game is played from a distant overhead perspective, this is a minor qualm at best. The Pikmin, Olimar and the enemies, however, skirt this issue as they're all composed of flat colors with little noticeable detailing at all. And though that sounds like a blatant red flag, it's done consistently enough to ward off any presumptions that this might have been done as a last second method of cutting corners. This is a title that appears exactly as it was meant to, with the tiny, brightly colored creatures appearing eerily at home amongst the familiar, photorealistic blades of grass, twigs and soil. It's funny, the graphics of Pikmin fluctuate so easily between distinct realism and blatant oversimplification that the lines themselves start to blur. It becomes the meeting point between detail and simplicity, with an end product that's all the more believable because of that.Upon his discovery of the Pikmin, Olimar also discovers their undying need to follow his direction. Unless he tells them otherwise, nearby Pikmin will follow our central character around the world. They'll put their lives on the line to defend him from much larger adversaries. They'll build bridges for him, or carry enormous objects with the proportionate strength of an ant if it'll aid his journeys. That the game's writers chose not to elaborate on these tiny creatures' undying love for the title's main character makes it all the more interesting and open for interpretation.Whether they fall into the river and drown, attempt to run through a fountain of fire or stupidly assault the largest enemy in the forest on their lonesome, you WILL lose Pikmin in the field on a regular basis, which becomes a point of agony as the game progresses. It's strange to imagine, but after spending the time to create, uproot and command these little creatures, you develop a sort of parental attachment to them, which eventually becomes the real attraction as the hours go on. It's truly disturbing to watch a large forest creature devour a handful of them in one fell swoop, and that's an emotion I don't usually get from playing a video game.It's this element of survival, mixed with a brief, thirty day timeframe (a game day lasts about half an hour) and a series of mind-teasing, difficult puzzles that really gives Pikmin its substantial appeal. There's a definite Lemmings vibe to some of the levels, both with their simplicity and their nerve-wracking addictive nature. You'll spend hours upon hours trying to sort your way through a particularly difficult puzzle, only to discover the answer was right in front of your face the whole time. Everything is arranged to follow a blatant learning curve, but it never really seems to get in the way or detract from the overall picture.As I said before, Pikmin would've made a great second or third year addition to the GameCube's lineup. It's a much deeper game than the simplified graphics of the front cover would lead you to believe, always there to inspire thought rather than to sate your appetite for gratuitous violence. It straddles the action / adventure, strategy and puzzle genres, and stands head and shoulders above the leading titles in each category today. It's a deceptively addicting little package, and though it lacks a bit in length and replay value, it's more than worth the current asking price. There's a very solid concept here, which I hope to see fleshed out a little further in the forthcoming sequel.
3	B00005Q8LY	Shigeru Miyamoto continues to solidify his status as the Beethoven of video games.  Pikmin is pure genius.  I only have two complaints with my pikmin experience.  1.  It was over too soon and 2.  Now I have to go back to playing lesser games until Mario Sunshine comes out.What sets Pikmin apart from so many other games is little touches like Pikmins digging up nectar under the grass and getting so drunk off it they want even look at you.  There is also a huge array of other little critters that will manage to frustrate and challenge even good gamers.I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a break from the typical shootemups that are so popular right now.
3	B00005Q8LY	Let me start off by saying that Pikmin is not only for little kids.  It is directed towards kids, but can be fun for anyone who likes strategy games.  The object of the game is to find all 30 parts of your battered spaceship within a 30 day (each day is roughly 15 minutres long) time limit.  You must use each pikmin's abilities to their fullest to do this such as using yellow pikmin to reach really high places and red pikmin to carry parts over flames.  While it seems simple enough, it can be quite challenging to get all 30 parts.  The enemies of the levels can completely devastate your pikmin population if you send them into dangerous situations without orders.  This game uses a new approach to strategy, and it is by far one of the best games on the gamecube.NOTE: this game needs 19 blocks of memory to save
3	B00005Q8LY	This game is so much fun! It's really easy to get into, then you're totally addicted. This game has awesome replay value. When you beat this game you can play it over and over again, and not get bored. This is a fun game for anyone.
3	B00005Q8LY	First of all, this game is FUN. Collecting three colors of little alien pikmin to kill enemies and get ship parts is FUN. But, there are a few problems. First of all, only 15 minutes a day? Yes. There is only 15 minutes each day and only 30 days. Why? It made me more hesistent to play this game. It was as if 1 wrong move and it was the end. Be prepared to repeat days LOT. Other than that, it is pretty good.
3	B00005Q8LY	A fun and original game that will supply fun for hours.  Pikmin is about an astronaut who crash lands on a strange planet and must rebuild his ship with the help of some weird creatures he calls pikmin.  He only has about a month to find all the lost parts before his life support system runs out.  This game is fun and the strategie is challenging.  The only thing I don't like is having a time limit, though then again, it would stink without one.  Overall if you like strategie games and don't feel pressured by timelimits this is the game for you.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin just screams original game. I've never seen a new concept be designed so well. Pikmin did everything right.The premise of the game is that your space ship has crashed on a planet filled with pikmin which resemble seeds of trees. The pikmin agree to help captain olimer(you) out on your journey of getting your space ship to work again so that you can go home. This puzzle/action game is a lot of fun but can be difficult at times. The time limit made me feel rushed, but it might be fun for other people.The music is really enjoyable and the graphics are similar to a lot of other gamecube games, but still looks really well done.I haven't played pikmin 2, but I can say for certainty that Pikmin is really limited in what the pikmin do. There are the red, blue, and yellow pikmin, all of which have their own unique traits. I never reached the end of Pikmin because of the repetitiveness of the game.Each stage you have to find your ship parts and return to your base before night falls which at points is really difficult.It's a good game to have in your collection, but it might get stale after a while (at least it did for me).
3	B00005Q8LY	A great game the first time around, but it begins to lose it's replay value after a couple of plays. It's a great game, however, and I'd recommend at least renting it. It's a good buy too.
3	B00005Q8LY	I find the concept of having little plant-things following you around all the time is just awesome.  Add great music, graphics, plot and lots of replay value and then you have pikmin.  Some of the graphics can be jaw dropping, and the music really sets a great story up.  Overall anyone that owns a Gamecube should definatly own Pikmin!
3	B00005Q8LY	If you are a GameCube owner, chances are you chose your console partly because of the innovations usually found in titles produced by Nintendo itself.  Nintendo's track record for first party titles is virtually untainted and is completely un-challenged.  While owners of Nintendo's consoles may have less titles to choose from than competitors, the percentage of garbage titles to appear on other consoles far outstrips that of Nintendo's systems.  That being said, Pikmin is an innovative masterpiece that should not be over looked.  The gameplay is fantastic and very addictive.  I read many reviews referring to the game as being short.  While I cannot say the game is long, I must admit that it wasn't as short as I thought it would be, based on other's feedback.  It incorporates two genres (platform and strategy) successfully into what is really a unique new play experience.  You do have to think about how you will go about several tasks, or you won't be able to complete them.  Pikmin's graphics are wonderful as well.  It is a game that makes me smile rather than feeling down after playing.  Many thanks to Nintendo for not re-hashing the same stuff over and over again as competitors do. Just when I think innovation in the game market is becoming dull, a title like Pikmin, or Animal Crossing, or Metroid Prime comes along to challenge this notion.  I only hope there is a sequel.  Until then, lets hope the Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker delivers.
3	B00005Q8LY	Too hard sometimes but is very fun espesially battles.  They needed more different kinds of pikmin though like largr ones that battle and muscley small ones that carry stuff.  There also should have ben levels that you fly you space ship thogh the clods, forests and asteroids.Graphics:*****Replay:****Story:***Fun:*****Overall:*****
3	B00005Q8LY	I actually had Pikmin 2, years before I even played the first Pikmin and I sold it before I got this game. Seeing that this game is from 2001 and it's currently 2012, I'm not going to knock the graphics at all. Put it this way, if I had bought this game right when it came out, I would have said that the graphics were amazing. Pikmin is an innovative and seriously charming RTS (Real-time strategy) game, where you harvest (or pull, rather) little carrot-shaped living plants out of the ground and have them do your bidding for you; Pikmin can assist in taking down enemies, gathering seeds (so you can produce more Pikmin creatures for you), and are essential for carrying back parts of your spaceship that you lost on the planet. This game has really stood the test of time and is still highly enjoyable, inventive, and challenging, even today. The only real downside to Pikmin, as opposed to Pikmin 2, is that you only have 30 days to find all of Olimar's Spaceship parts.
3	B00005Q8LY	This game is one of the best games on Nintendo Gamecube. Help the little Captain guy build his ship by using Pikmin to help you. Also grow new Pikmin and fight the monsters that eat them. Don't judge this game by its appearance, it's really very good and challenging, as you do have a time limit to get the whole ship intact. It may get somewhat repetitive at times, but don't give up. You will become hooked on Pikmin farming! Those little buggers are just SO adorable!!!
3	B00005Q8LY	Puzzle games exercise your mind without splattering blood all over the screen. Pikmin is a great game that emphasizes cooperation over gore!The concept and plot are fun and child-suitable. A space explorer, Olimar, has crash-landed on a planet. He only has 30 days of &quot;air&quot; to fix his spaceship, and he's missing 30 parts. Luckily, he doesn't have to find them alone. He has up to 100 little flower-like Pikmin to help him out!They're cute and cuddly, and different pikmin have different skills. Some swim. Some are resistant to fire. Each one alone isn't very strong, so sometimes you need multiple of them to do something. The game becomes a logic puzzle - how do you get to a spaceship part if it's guarded by a series of obstacles? It's very rewarding when you figure each puzzle out.The time limit is both good and bad. On the good side, it keeps the game challenging and means that the overall game is relatively short to play. On the down side, if you have trouble with something (or if a younger child is playing) it can get very frustrating. So the game might be far too short for you (compared to something like Final Fantasy X that you play for months) or it might be impossible because of the time limit.Still, practice makes perfect, and most players will be sure to enjoy this one's puzzles as a fun challenge!
3	B00005Q8LY	Over the years Shigeru Miyamoto has brought us many good and innovativegames, from Mario to Zelda. But his newest creation may be his most creative andunique looking franchise as of yet. What is this new innovative and unique game?Why it's Pikmin for the GameCube, of course. It was first shown off as a hugesurprise at E3 2001 in May.The game(play) is a real time strategy game simplified more, which in waysmakes the game much more fun, as it is not as complicated, and has a very smalllearning curve. In Pikmin you are a Spaceman (Capt. Olimar)  who's ship collideswith an asteroid and forces you to land on a strange new planet.  Here you'll findthe strange Pikmin, along with many other dangerous creatures looking to make ameal out of the little plant like Pikmin. The Pikmin are more then willing to help youin your quest to find the 30 missing parts to your spaceship, before you run out ofoxygen in 30 days. But you will have to help the Pikmin with there problems as well.And boy do they have problems, it seems that the neighboring critters havedeveloped at appetite for these little creatures. Well with some of them it's not somuch an appetite as it is just spitting boulders at them, smashing them, ordrowning them. So as you can see you've got some work ahead. Fortunately whenyou kill these enemies little seeds appear in there place ranging in size, and withdifferent numbers on them. The higher the number, the more seeds you get. Also, ifthe color of the seed is the same as the Pikmin (i.e.: Blue to Blue) then you geteven more. Once you defeat an enemy have some Pikmin take them back to thestrange looking nests (see to the right) it sucks up the seed and more Pikmin willbegin shooting out and plopping down into the soil where soon you, the spaceman,will be able to pluck them from the ground and use them. Many times you will needmany Pikmin to defeat certain enemies... Controlling the Pikmin is a breeze... One thingthat is near perfect is the camera system... The onlyproblem I found was in the rotating of the camera, and how you must be facing thedirection you want the camera to face... Graphically speaking Pikmin looks amazing! The Miyamoto touch is veryclear in Pikmin, the detail of everything in the game is very high, and the textureslook so real you'd swear your watching a Nature Show...The way the environment interacts with the Pikmin and the Spaceman is very goodas well. If they brush up against an object such as a leaf or branch it sways, or howa trail of dust follows, but can stop depending on the terrain.The Sound of Pikmin is quite impressive. With a custom soundtrackcomposed by Hajime Wakai, creator of the Star Fox soundtrack, each area hasit's own song. And the music can change depending on the mood... The sound effects are also way above average. From water splashingagainst the shore to the sound of the little Pikmins' feet running through it.  Capt.Olimar's feet sound great running across surface, and can even vary on the surfacehe's running on.Overall, Pikmin is a pretty fun and interesting little game, but the fact of thematter it is a little game. It will only last from around 12-15 hours... My Comments:"Pikmin was the first game that I played for theGameCube last year at the Cube Club, so itautomaticly holds a special place in my eye.Never the less, it's still one terrific game, thatyou at least owe a rent, despite it's length."MY RATING:  9.0
3	B00005Q8LY	The first thing I would like to say is that if you plan to buy this, you should get the accompanying strategy guide. If you don't, you'll find this frustrating. With the help of a guide, though, the game becomes charming and challenging.First, the game is gorgeous for being released so early in the GameCube's life cycle. Sparkling lakes, peaceful meadows, and charred fire-pits all have a realistic, but still "painted" look to them. The music fits the environments perfectly, too; it makes you feel happy and sunny at times, cautious and aware at others.The controls work very well, and generally you won't have trouble controlling your Pikmin (if you're not familiar with the concept here, it's that you have to control your Pikmin so that they can gather items for you within a time limit). You can separate them, clump them together, or throw them individually at the touch of a button. Most everything--unrolling bridges, attacking enemies, carrying items, etc.--can be done with a few simple commands.Nintendo is indeed the master of the sense of accomplishment, and every time you grab an item, you'll feel proud of yourself, even if you used a guide like I did. You collect spaceship parts, and with every one you get, the spaceship will change in appearance. It starts out looking like a piece of junk, but as you proceed, it transforms into a top-of-the-line machine. You really feel like you're getting somewhere. The parts themselves are all interesting, from the practical (the geiger counter), to the whimsical (a giant piggy bank).Enemies are simultaneously scary and silly. They're funny-looking, and include giant ladybug-like things and huge frogs; but the second you hear your Pikmin scream and see hundreds of little Pikmin ghosts rise into the air, you'll fear them. Not only do you need lots of Pikmin if you want to complete the game (and harvesting more takes precious time), but you get emotionally attached to them, making every battle tense.Overall, this game is great fun. Grabbing the spaceship parts, defeating the enemies, and doing all the other necessary things to complete the game (harvesting more Pikmin, blowing up walls, walking through fire plumes, and such), is an engrossing challenge, and makes you feel "smart". It has something for everyone; tough strategy, intense action, and beautiful, whimsical environments to explore. I would reccomend it for anyone. This, people, is the Nintendo difference.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is one of the first games that came out for Nintendo Gamecube. I remember playing it at my neighbor's house and it was instantly one of my favorite games.It is about seven years later, and owning only a Sega Genesis and an Xbox, I decided that I had to own the Cube. The first game I bought was Pikmin!In Pikmin you play as a very small man named Captain Olimar. His ship crash lands on a planet (Earth, which is never exactly stated but is pretty obvious for numerous reasons). Olimar figures he will die there because important parts to his ship were scattered everywhere and he only has 30 days before his space suit fails and the poisonous oxygen that permeates the planet kills him. Just when it looks like all hope is lost, he stumbles upon a red object that, once he approached, appeared to come alive.The red object he deems an Onion, and out of this onion comes a seed that implants itself into the ground where seconds after a small sprout shoots up. Olimar picks the sprout and that is where the first Pikmin is discovered. It isn't long before Olimar realizes these Pikmin could help him search and gather up the pieces of his ship, and the hunting begins!There are three different kinds of Pikmin and a huge load of enemies looking to eat them. The red Pikmin, the very first Pikmin you acquire, is the strongest out of the three and they are immune to fire. The yellow Pikmin can be thrown very high and far and they can use bomb rocks, which can be found inside tin cans or skulls, to defeat enemies or to knock down rock walls. Last, the blue Pikmin, can go in water without dying.Pikmin is a great game to play and I will continue to enjoy it's awesomeness.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pick this up. I JUST got this game and I'm regretting I didn't pick it up sooner. Now I can't wait for the second one. They need some more difficult enemies and more variety of pikmin but other than that this game is great. This should be a first buy for anyone with a gamecube, highly recommended just because it's so different from everything else.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin was created from Zelda's daddy, Shigeru Miyameto. Pikmin is about a guy from Earth who accidently crash-landed on a very strange and unusual planet filled with alien creatures that view the guy nothing less than breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner, dessert, or a midnight snack. But later on when you look around, you find the "Pikmin", little alien creatures that are attracted to anything that pulls them out from the ground. The Pikmin are as loyal as dogs and will do whatever you order them to do. For example, if you tell them to kill a huge mushroom monster, they'll do it without complaining even if killing it means to get eaten themselves. You must repair your spaceship because the atmosphore is toxic to your little character. The game is intruging and innoventive from the start. People may say it's too kiddy but the game is meant to be played by all generations. (...) So in conclusion, Pikmin proves that Shigeru Miyameto is a mastermind at making video games.
3	B00005Q8LY	You'd think a game like Pikmin would only be for some sweet little five year olds.  But it's not.  Pikmin involves strategic desciscions.Your ship has just crashed.  And your name is captain olimar.  You land on a mysterious island where you find creatures that you later name pikmin.  As the game goes on you'll meet different kinds of Pikmin. (red,yellow, and blue) They do things for you. Such as there is a huge wall so you tell 20 of your pikmin to break it down.  You can also fight lady bugs with your pikmin.  The point of killing the ladybugs is to bring them back to a ship your pikmin go in and then a certain amount of pikmin come out.  You can also get more pikmin from finding blocks having a number on it.  When you bring those to the pikmins spacecraft it sprouts you whatever the number was on the block.  Don't worry that it takes a million years to sprout because it doesn't.  It actually takes around five seconds.Oh yeah i forgot that the whole meaning of this game is find and repair your ship by going to different islands to find pieces to your ship.  In all you begin without 30 pieces that you need to find in thirty days.
3	B00005Q8LY	A cool game about little thingys named pikmin with leaves on there head(and the grodog*or whatever it's called*is a freaky forest dog thingimagigy)Okay,you look at the box and think&quot;this game is WAY to kiddy!Look,cute little creatures and just the name&quot;well,your thinking wrong!It's a great single player game with good sounds,great graphics and a puzzling challenge for young and old!The point of it is you are a spaceguy who crashed into the pikmins planet.His whole ship falls apart!He starts looking for the pieces but on the way,leafs stick out of the ground.He picks them up and(pop)a pikmin!The pikmins help you find all the pieces before 30 days are up:)
3	B00005Q8LY	if you like puzle based games then you will love this game.
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin for the Nintendo GameCube is an excellent real time strategy game (RTSG).  Created by Nintendo's star programmer Shigeru Miyamoto (Mario, Zelda, Donkey Kong), Pikmin is a franchise that everyone will be playing for quite some time.  The basic story behind the game, is that a little guy named Captain Olimar was driving his spaceship through space when it was hit by a mediator that sends him spinning out of control onto an unknown planet.  During the freefall, Olimar's ship gets broken up into 30 different parts that Olimar has to find within 30 days before his oxygen tanks run out.  The rest of the game basically involves doing this exact thing.  There are 5 different areas in the game that have Olimar's parts spread out all over them.  Throughout the game, Olimar encounters 3 different color Pikmin that all have different attributes that assist him in his attempt to gather up the 30 parts.  Each day in the game lasts about 13 minutes so the overall length of the game is not that long, but since the game take multiple attempts to master, has 3 different endings, has an added Challenge mode which allows players to duke it out for high scores, Pikmin is a top notch game that is definitely a must have to anyone's GameCube library.
3	B00005Q8LY	You are Captain Olimar. You have crash-landed on a strange planet with hostile environments and creatures. You stumble upon an odd object that, upon activating, poops out a single seed which, miraculously, blooms within 10 seconds. Must be the soil. Anywho, you pick the strange object which turns out to be an animal cute enough to make Hello Kitty yak. From here, you grow these creatures and get them to help you on your mission to repair your ship.There's this game in a nutshell. Nintendo bigwig Shigeru Miyamoto decided to go all-out cute for at least one game to keep kids at bay. The result was deeper than Miyamoto had ever hoped it to be.The game is amazingly kiddy, yet very adult at the same time. It takes a child to see the joy in it, but it takes an adult to see the beauty in it. For you see, Nintendo wouldn't produce a game if it stunk. They would eliminate any game that might destroy them. They would close their headquarters before they allowed their company to be defeated.At a graphical standpoint, Pikmin is absolutely unbelievable. The environments are beautifully textured and really show off the GameCube's power. The creatures in the game are flawlessly designed, giving a realistic feel to this extremely unrealistic game. Kudos to Nintendo, and 5 out of 5 to Pikmin.No problems with sound. 5 out of 5.This game will keep you coming back for more and more and more. You have thirty days (each day is about 15 minutes in real life) to recover 18 parts to your ship, and that's where your Pikmin come in. They help kill baddies, eliminate obstacles, and transport your ship's parts back to the ship itself. If the gameplay doesn't keep you coming back for more, the adorable little Pikmin themselves will. 5 out of 5, replay-wise.Overall, Nintendo's bold new game is incredible, and a must-buy. (...)
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin is a great game! You get to control 3 different types of pikmin. Red, Yellow, and Blue.  (SPOILER ALERT!!!!)  Red can walk through fire, blue can walk through water, and yellow can jump higher and carry bombrocks.  It is a great game and is very challenging and puzzling.  I hope you enjoy it!
3	B00005Q8LY	I just got Pikmin yesterday, but I already love it!The story line (Captain Olimar is hit by a meteor and lands on the Pikmin planet and his rocket ship falls apart) is a little dumb, but it doesn't really matter to me.I think the backyard music sounds very good, and even the Pikmin have sound!Gameplay is super. Tell the Pikmin what to do, and they will do it. Some Pikmin can do tasks that other Pikmin can't, based on their color. But the general thing Pikmin need to do is bring back parts of your ship, while avoiding danger.There is a very reasonable amount of controls. You can round Pikmin up with a whistle or dismiss them for a little bit.All the graphics are amazing. The plants and grass look so real, and all the characters look perfect.Although the game is short, the thing I really like about Pikmin is that there is no right or wrong way to do things. You can experiment and have fun.If you think this is &quot;kidde&quot; then you are judging a book by it's cover. This game is *both* kidde and mature at the same time, because strategy and cartoon action are combined.A 5 out of 5!!!
3	B00005Q8LY	What happens when gaming guru, Shigeru  Miyamoto, is oppressed with the role as the integral man for masterminding the next Zelda and Metriod titles?  From the production of Pikmin, it seems as if he seizes a deep, consoling breath and rips open a bag full of relaxation.  Ah, finally all that dreadful anxiety and flagrant expectations from gaming fans everywhere wash away.  His sheer brilliance veers into a jaunty, animated dream world.  Conclusively, he creates a bizarre game where players are ferried  onto a planet where replicas of giant onions come alive and spawn multicolored, cutesy creatures called Pikmin.  Perhaps Miyamoto's latest game is a minor escape from the daunting task of transcending the GameCube into unreachable stratum?  Whatever the case, Pikmin is not what would we ordinarily expect as a first-class launch title, but it doesn't even fall short to deliver one addictive gem.The player assumes the responsibility of Captain Orima who looks like a freshly baked character from Cartoon Network.  With a big, round nose, a mini space outfit, and a fish bowl for a helmet, it's hard not to think about pummeling the daylights outta' the adorable twerp.  Orima's story is basically a cakewalk.  The captain opts to go on vacation through space, in the duration of his flight, he has a sensible meal of onions when a sudden meteor slams onto his rocket.  Surviving the plunge onto an alien planet, Orima's ship has disintegrated into fragments spread across the land.  He must now retrieve the primary ship parts with the aid of the affable and obedient Pikmin before his spacesuit loses function.Playing in Real Time, Pikmin, at the core, is a strategy game.  At the start, the player sets off with a single, trusty Pikmin and is required to feed a three-legged onion with pellets or butchered insects.  After a certain amount of nourishment, the onions plant seeds that'll eventually sprout as Pikmin.  The essential objective to the game is to manage the carrot-shaped Pikmin and lead them on an expedition throughout the planet to recover Captain Orima's missing ship parts.  There are three fundamental breeds of Pikmin, the red ones red are unscathed by fire, the blue ones wade over water, and the yellow ones cart one another and catapult themselves as organic grenades.  Micromanaging elements are also supplemented for good measure.  Bridges are to be constructed for faster mobilization, walls should be demolished for augmented exploration, and strategy preparation must be done to maintain  the life of the Pikmin.  Frequently, goliath-sized vermin like maggots intrude on the Pikmins` progression.  With a whistle command, Captain Orima can order his army to quit their current task, huddle together and unite for a defensive onset.  Also, the Pikmin may proceed in the offensive, attacking a monster when its simply dozing off.  The maximum number of Pikmin a player can shepherd is a grand total of 100 with absolutely no slowdown whatsoever.  Moreover, the game has a time limit.  Working as a clock, the l6 circles atop the screen move from left to right, and once the furthest one is filled, the day draws to a close.  At the end of each day, the Pikmin must rest overnight and an analysis of the player's personal army is evaluated.  Not particularly lengthy, the addicting game can be whizzed within a jiffy of hours.  Crammed with bonus and high score modes, the game retains a good, extended platter of replayability.  What Miyamoto has done is sculpt the GameCube's first true classic.The GameCube's controller, feeling a bit tweaky at first, succeeds to superbly make a first-rate control scheme.  Captain Orima can be directed individually or accompanied with personal escorts.  The analog stick guides Captain Orima, the A button yanks Pikmin from the soil, the B joins Pikmin together, the X is used to distinguish Pikmin groups into separate colors, and the Y button looms the game information and map.  Additionally, the game's camera can be modified in any direction the player fancies, whether it be overhead, side, or the front.The second Pikmin invades the television screen, the player will irrefutably remark on how the graphics are gorgeously crafted or converged with intoxicating vivacity.  From what I have gathered from the many opinions of other gamers, players will either breath in revulsion or approval.  Technology-wise, the rich world of Pikmin is matchless.  With the control of the camera, the player can zoom in and out, screening through the huge landscapes.  Even the tiniest of details will stimulate the players imagination, like the vast region of mountains and shrubbery.  If not enchanting, the game's surroundings adequately present an overall smooth, graphical touch.  From the lighting, various shadowing, and sheer multitude of animation on the creatures, Pikmin is what I imagine as a tingly trip to la-la land.  Ironically, I felt a bit queasy after a few hours on this colorful madness.  While marveling and vacuuming your life on Pikmin, the players will notice how well the music suits this type of genre.  Indolent, tranquil sounds engulf the environment and is deliberately welcomed.  There are the congenial tunes of a pristine day materializing, and the placid kind which hails approaching slumber.  When an antagonistic intruder stumbles upon the Pikmins' camp, the music is swapped into a more rapid, upbeat tempo.  The musical score  proves to be finely executed.  The eccentric yet delightful sounds from the Pikmin, the battle cries, and other noises add deeply to this already remarkable game.Pikmin's basic gist is to genuinely refresh audiences with  entertaining amusement along with hours of nonstop gameplay.  Throughout the game I found myself beaming at the antics of Captain Orima and how ridiculously hilarious the Pikmin behave.  Initially when a tremendous, next-generation home console is released, a monster of a game convoys along, and although,  Nintendo honcho, Shigeru Miyamoto should have unleashed godhood, a Zelda or Star Fox game, Pikmin does not disappoint and is well worth the ownership for the novel, bold GameCube.
3	B00005Q8LY	This game is very addicting. Once you start you have to beat your records. There is a start mode (other words adventure mode) or a challenge mode. In the adventure mode you look for parts of your ship. In the challenge mode you see how many pikmin you can get in one day (pikmin days not real days). You get more guys by killing these bug looking guys and taking them back to the pikmins onions. Or by doing other things. This game is the best because it is so addicting. This is a must for people who like adventures and have a gamecube. Try it you will simplie love it period.
3	B00005Q8LY	This game is SERIOUSLY addicting!!! If you dont have alot of time on your hands then dont start playing, I play this game only like twice a week cause everytime I pop it in and start playing the challenge part, where you try and grow as many little guys as you can, I get wrapped up in trying to figure out how to get 300 on the The Forest Navel... and next thing I know I have been playing for like 6 hours and I have accomplished nothing all day!!! But hey the game is great and it has immense replay value, little kids and grown ups alike will enjoy!!!
3	B00005Q8LY	Pikmin..One of the most unique games that I have ever played. Very original. Truthfully, it doesn't sound neither appealing or interesting. Although the gameplay is incredible. Whenever I would walk into a store and play a demo of it, I would always think that it was somewhat, boring. But when I got the game, I realized that as soon as you get past the first day or two, it is extremely addictive. The whole objective is to get all 30 peices within 30 days. And its very fun getting larger quantities of pikmin so you can do more things at one time. And all the kinds of pikmin have their own unique strengths (example: yellow-throwing molten rocks &amp; jumping higher. blue-is able to swim in water. red-is able to with-stand any fire and/or fire attacks by enemies). This is definetly a challenging game, and it isn't one that you can beat over night. It truly is a great strategic game that keeps you thinking..... I hope this review was helpful to you if you are looking for a video game.Thankyou,*Vapor*
3	B00005Q8LY	My word. Originality. I thought I remembered that from the pre-Sony days.It's amazing the games that came to mind when I tried to think of how to describe this one. Others will find better comparisons, but I'm thinking of it currently as a cross between "ToeJam & Earl", "Pokemon" and even "Age of Empires". (Well, you can command a big army with different types of soldier, and have to use varying strategies against particular kinds of enemies.)I applaud Shiggy and his cohorts for this truly original and fun game. (Please ignore the one-star review below me: I'm fairly certain "Miyamoto's Curse" only applies to those who were expecting "Mario Brothers 374: Mario Takes Three Steps To The Right")Yeah, it's a bit short when you get right down to it, which is why I only give it four stars. But still, you'll have to expend some serious brain matter to finish this one. (Either that, or the money for a guide-book.)Still, there's the Challenge Mode to keep you entertained long after you've finished the game proper.Games like this are the reason I took up with the GameCube after the demise of Sega: Nintendo and Shiggy still appear to care about the _games_, as opposed to the money, and surely that's what video games _should_ be all about, isn't it?
3	B00005Q8LY	I have played this game before once and I did beat it it took about a week and a half so lots of playing time. it's a pretty fun game that will give anyone for ages 6 to 100.Controls: The controls are pretty easy to use once you use them once or twice. Moving is even easier like in a lot of games. All you have to do is move the left control stick on the game cube romote and thats it.Graphics: the graphics are a little rough but they are pretty good over all for the game. The only flaw in them is that you can't really see whats water and whats dirt so you sometimes drown a pikmin or two. T_TGameplay: The game has a good story *a fast over view* you crash land on a planet and you have to find enough parts in 30 day while taking care of your pikmin.Monsters: okay this is one of the places where the game, graphics and controls shine. As for graphics on the monsters it's really good lots of details in the eyes body and actions. As for the controls they are fun and help thumb mussels. The different types of monsters is amazing each one being different and being cooler then the last.Pikmin: The pikmin are so cute and are amazing. Some can breath in water while others can run around in fire while even more can throw bombs at things. 0.o Also the graphics on them are amazing.Pros: Has cute pikmin and monsters, is something new and fun to play, has fun mind busters to solve and makes for a small challange for people.Cons: You only have 30 days to finish, can't really see the water, some of the monsters are kind of hard and it takes forever to pick the pikmin out of the ground.Over all it's a really good game for anyone.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game was a big improvement from the N64 smash bros.  You'll find more characters, items, levels, one player modes, and of course some very nice looking graphics.  Everybody I know with a gamecube has this game.  I'm sure everyone with a gamecube has this game they should because its fun.  In this game you earn trophies.  There are 300 but I think thats a lie.  I have 289 trophies and theres only one I havent gotten.  The trophy is called diskman or diskun.  I wish I knew how to get it and I wish I knew what happened if you get every trophy.  Well its a great game and it would have been cool if Sonic and Tails were in it.  It even would have been cool if Bomberman was in it or captaing olimar because nintendo made both those characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	A game in which just about every classic Nintendo character beats the phooey out of every classic Nintendo Character.  What is there not to like?  No blood is exchanged here either.  A fighter without blood that rocks ... Nintendo is innovative.  Aside from the no blood, legendary characters and crazy fun locations, you have mini-games and power-ups out the yin yang.  In short, the power ups and the mini games are way fun.  The power ups rule the game.  From baseball bats to the SNES light gun.  WOW.  Finally, the unlockable characters will have you playing forever and ever.  This games shelf life will be limitless.  I'm on board for whatever sequel they come up with at whatever price.Bottom Line: Is it fun? Incredible game.  Will I keep it?  You bet.  It has infinite replay value.  Good for kids?  Well it is just fighting.  It is cartoony and fun, but that doesn't stop my kids from enacting the fighting scenes when they are done playing the game.
3	B00005Q8M0	no problem,with this game,you can pull offf any fight you want with Famous Nintendo Characters!I'd say that the term "this game is great" is a FACT,not an opinion and if you don't belive me than play it and find out!I'm not going to write a big review but BE WARNED!!!!  THE GAME DOES NOT COME WITH FREE MARSHMALLOWS!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	The truest thing I can say about SSBM?  Definitely not your average fighting game.For those who haven't been clued in to the "Smash Bros." Premise: you get to pick one of your favorite Nintendo heroes or heroines and tangle with the computer or your buddies in a very loose fighter setting.  The only way to actually be knocked out is to be thrown out of the arena, whether downward, to the sides, or to the sky.  Your character accumulates a percentage of damage as they sustain attacks, and as this percentage gets higher, your risk of flying out of the ring rises.But to be so preachy about a game that has such a huge fan following and runs on such a simple game engine seems very un-gamer-like of me.  Forgive me.  SSBM is a great party game, have no doubt--you and your friends could spend hours knocking each other around, figuring out each character's attacks, and unlocking the horde of trophies in the gallery.The one thing I can assure you of is that you WILL enjoy this title, whether you enjoy fighting games or not.  As long as you have friends who like to taunt you after beating you in a high-risk video gaming battle, this game's staying power will astound you.Every character's attacks are performed the same way: B for a basic special move, Up + B for a different move, Down + B, and Forward + B.  Each one produces a different move, unique to your character.And the character list is huge.  I think every major character from the "Mario" series has top honors, including Bowser and the mustachioed plumber himself.  The character list is as follows: Mario, Peach, Bowser, Pikachu (from "Pok&eacute;mon"), Samus (from "Metroid"), Yoshi, Zelda, Link, Captain Falcon (from "F-Zero"), Kirby, Donkey Kong, Fox McCloud (from "Starfox"), Ness (from "Earthbound"), and the Ice Climbers (Nana and Popo, from "Ice Climber").  There are many more fighters, but they are only useable after you have unlocked them by completing various tasks in the game.  These fighters are: Jigglypuff ("Pok&eacute;mon"), Roy (from "Fire Emblem"), Marth ("Fire Emblem"), Luigi, Young Link, Ganondorf, Dr. Mario, Mr. Game &amp; Watch (from Nintendo's early electronic-gaming series, "Game &amp; Watch"), Mewtwo ("Pok&eacute;mon"), Pichu ("Pok&eacute;mon"), and Falco Lombardi ("Starfox").During battles, there is also a plethora of different items that randomly drop in to spice up the action, including Pok&eacute;balls, laser pistols, and Bob-ombs.  These can be used for their special action, or simply chucked at your opponents as a makeshift projectile.The stages which you play on are also numerous and varied, ranging from a cold platform out in space, to an F-Zero race taking place at hundreds of miles an hour, all the way back to Mario and Luigi's beloved Mushroom Kingdom.  And, as with the items that drop during battles, these stages also have their gimmicks to try and mix things up.The single-player mode, while not nearly as meaty and robust as the multiplayer, is at least interesting, and the tasks to unlock special characters are sometimes required to take place in this mode.  The Adventure mode is a new direction for the series, taking whichever character you choose and putting them in classic Nintendo environments, then having them wriggle their ways out through good old-fashioned fisticuffs.While this is simple, stupid fun, and even quite violent at times, it's still meant in a strictly non-hurtful way, so most parents can disregard that Teen rating.  With no blood, no suggestive themes, and nothing but straight fun for anyone in the family, "Super Smash Bros. Melee" is a hit, no doubt about it.Inventiveness:  10 (out of 10)Having Nintendo's otherwise-wholesome mascots duke it out for your amusement is a great idea, and it says a lot about Nintendo's reputation when they can make fun of themselves.Sound:  10Any sound effect from a previous Nintendo game is reproduced faithfully, and the new ones fit in well, considering the surroundings.  Also, older Nintendo tracks have gotten squeaky-clean new orchestrations and put into these grudge matches as background music.  Nostalgia?  You bet.Graphics:  9.5Okay, okay, so it's not the absolute prettiest game in the world, but it manages to capture a rubbery, flexible version of all characters involved, even those as evil as the shifty thief Ganondorf.  It looks comical and well done, and it manages to convey the theme of the game even better than photo-realism would have.Control:  9.5The placement of the Jump buttons may turn out to be something of a shock to first-timers, but you'll pick it up easily, no doubt (the X and Y buttons jump, as does the joystick).  When in the fray against your friends, you'll adapt quickly and get to learn every nuance of your favorite character's repertoire of moves.  (I own anyone as Ness!)-----------------Overall Score:  10The bottom line: While the single-player mode is lacking--well, let's be honest, you didn't buy this for the single-player game, did you?  This game rocks.  If you own a GameCube and more than one controller, you must buy this game.  If you don't own more than one controller, buy another one and this game.  Seriously.
3	B00005Q8M0	The original doesn't hold a candle to this one.I know I'm years and years late, with this, but I had to make one sometime!This game as well as the first isn't only innovative, it's addictive.Fun alone but a blast with a friend or three. :)I miss the days when me and my cousin could play this for 2-4 hours at a time with next to no breaks!I miss even more when another friend would come around and although he would lose most of the time, the 1 on 1 on 1 matches were almost always so damn heated.This game only brings great joy and anticipation of what's to come in 2 days....:)Fun: 4.5/5Game Play: 4.5/5Sound: 5/5 (the orchestras are the best)Multiplayer: 4.25-5 (depending on how many people)Character Choice: 5/5Replay-ability: 4.5/5 (after years of playing, or if it's only you and another, 4.25/5. it gets boring MUCH quicker.)I don't have a Wii (or want one at this point). However, I'm still anticipating Brawl.I hope it doesn't let us down! My favorite has been Peach since the beginning. Well, in the very beginning, it was Pikachu, Jigglypuff and Ness.But since she was introduced in this game, she's always been my favorite.She whoops tail and then sails gracefully away with her parasol. Kill em, Peach!!End note: (update:) After looking at a review or three, I'm sad to say that Brawl, the newest entry of the series seems to suffer from a bit of lag on and offline. I find that so disappointing because besides a little slowdown every little while or so, SSBM played PERFECTLY. It worries me but I'll just have to keep reading reviews.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game gives fighting video games a good name. Before the Gamecube came out, there was the original Super Smash Bros. for the 64 and that was a fantastic game. In this game, the graphics are great, there's a lot of enjoyment in the game, and there are many choices of what to do on the game 1 player, to 4 player. But the only reason that Gamecube is a big hit is Mario and Mario type characters. If there was no Mario in the game, the Gamecube would probably not be as big as a hit. When I got the Gamecube, that was the first game that I wanted. So if you have a Gamecube, like Mario, and want an excellent fighting game, get Super Smash Bros. Melee.
3	B00005Q8M0	I have waited for this game for a long time but to tell you the truth I expected alot more from nintendo, to start off i'd like to say the controller for Gamecube is horrible, they should have left the same one for N64, putting 2 analog sticks was just more trouble and the Z button being on top is alot harder to control. This is a cool game with more than 300 Trophies to collect with many different and exciting modes. New charcters and more hidden characters, the levels are good with a very good soundtrack. But then again lets get to the controls, the combos in this game are not as good as in Super Smash Brothers for n64, smash attacks are much harder to do in this game because you must tap the joystick very lightly, it's hard to do that seeing how loose it is. But the game, itself is great, the graphics are truly amazing and you will have fun for hours. I would have given this a 5 but its hard to adapt to these controls, in time it will get easier, but for now 4 stars form me.
3	B00005Q8M0	Anybody who's played the original Super Smash Bros. should know how fun it is to smash your friends as popular Nintendo characters. Not only are the controls so simple even a 5 year old could play, but it's also fast, furious, and most of all, fun.A little bit after two years after its release, Nintendo announced a sequel to the best-selling fighting game. Shown at E3, it passed Star Wars Rogue Squadron 2 as the most anticipated Gamecube game. Over the next 6 months, Nintendo tortured their fans by revealing saliva-inducing options such as 292 trophies, 25 characters, 28 stages, an much, much more. Finally, the wait is over, and fans are treated to the greatest fighting game of the year.The graphics are magificent. People claim the backgrounds are terrible, but they look fine to me. The character design is so detailed you can see the furs on Fox and the curves of the cloth for Mario. And most importantly of all, it goes at a blistering 60 frames per second. That's an amazing feat considering most of the things documented in this site goes at just 24 fps.If anybody's a fan of Nintendo music, then this is the game for you. It remixes many popular tunes from Zelda's Overworld Theme to Pokemon's Battle Theme. The sound effects are wonderful, and best of all, there is none of the sound editing that plagued the first version.Super Smash Bros. Melee is not a rehash of the N64 version, as it has been often called. It has brand new moves. Now, if you grab somebody, you have a choice of attacking the victim, or throwing them up, down, forward, or back. There are 4 Special Attacks instead of the usual 3, and you can dodge projectile attacks and mid-air attacks.In the original Super Smash Bros., the one-player mode was going through a fixed set of 13 stages. In Melee, there is Classical Mode, which is a lot like the original, only the stages are mixed. There Adventure Mode, where the player goes through scrolling world with hazards before fighting your enemy. There is Stadium Mode, where you can play your character's target practice level, beat up a beanbag before seeing how far you can hit it with a bat, and fight against up to 100 computer characters. There is an event mode with 51 events where you fight in special pre-set circumstances. And then there are the 292 trophies which include people like Misty from Pokemon or the go-kart from the Mario Kart games.But the truly amazing part of this game is the multiplayer mode, which is what makes Super Smash Bros. one of the classics for the N64. You can play the usual stock (lives) or time mode, but you can also play coin mode, where you knock coins out of your opponents and collect there. Then there are the special melee modes, with special battles like Giant Melee (where everybody is big), or Special Sudden Death Melee, where everybody starts off with 300% damage. This game WILL last you over 500 hours if you are a fan of the original.This game is a perfect example of why Nintendo is so successful today. Like what has been mentioned earlier in this review, this game is fast, furious, and most of all, fun. If you are a fan of fighting games or Nintendo, then this game is a must.
3	B00005Q8M0	When I bought my Game Cube, the first game I bought was Super Smash Melee.  I loved the original game for the N64 and I heard many positive reviews.  The game is altogether quite excellent and fun.  You choose between 25 classic characters (11 must be unlocked) to fight in melee battles.  After practice and experience you generally get better.  Although the fighting is in 2 dimension, it is very challenging and fun.  You use techiques such as jumping VERY high, kicking, attacking, shooting, etc.  It can be very addictive.The game is very fun for multi-players.  You have the option for fighting each other or fighting computer players of various difficulties.  There are things to do for 1-player as well.  There is a &quot;classic mode&quot; to fight different opponents until you get to the &quot;Master Hand.&quot;  Also there is &quot;Event Matches&quot; where you are faced with different challenges, such as beating 128 Marios. (Some can be very difficult) There is also an adventure mode, where you go through various stages such as the Mario Kingdom and Hyrule Temple.  It can get boring after awhile though.  There is also All-Star, Melee Men Challenges, Target Test, Home Run Contests, and Tournament Melee.  Alot of stuff to do.It is much better than the first, with the C-Stick controls, and more characters and funner moves.  Plus the addition of more stages, adventure and all-star mode.  If you have a Game Cube, I would certainetly reccomend this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Sorry that I made my last review a one. Now I have p[layed this game and this game rocks... This game is like Super Smahs Brothers in the fighting part but it has more features, charators and modes that you can unlock and chose for. Let me start by introducing the charactors. Every charactor that was in the N64 version of this game is in SSBM. There are new charatcors which you can obtain by beating the game, play versus mode for hundreds of battles and many more. Bowser, Peach, Zelda, Shieik, Ice Climbers, Mewtwo,Marth, Mr. Game and Watch, Dr. Mario, Ganondorf, Young Link, Falco,Pichu and Roy are charactors that were not featured in the first Smash Brothers. Bowser is something to play because he is extremly powerful and lacks speed like DK. Peach is one of the easier sage charators because she is light and fast and her moves don't that a lot of time to complete. Zelda looks like peach from far away. Zelda is much harder to play than Peach because she lacks combos which I like when playing a charactor. Ice Climbers are Popo and Nana. You only get to controll 1 of them but the other one mimics what you do. MewTwo is AWESOME. He looks sooooo cool and his moves are poewerful andhe is very well balanced between speed, size, power and usage. Marth in a way is like link because the way he uses his sword is almost the same way Link uses his sword. Marth is also quicker and powerful. Mr. Game and Watch is a black silluette. Their stats aren't that great. The defense and usage and power is not very high though Mr. G&W; are very hard to find and obtain. Dr. Mario is like Mario cept he shoots out pills instead of Firballz. Ganondorf which is from Ocarina of Time is very powerul but I find him very hard to control. Young Link IS Link except Young Lick is a whole 10 years younger than link. Young Link lacks less power than Link. Pichu is Pikachu except HE IS VERY HARD TO PLAY BECAUSE HE HAS BAD ATTACK AND DEFENse.Now onto the Gameplay modes. Melee mode is excellent. It is like versus in the original Smahs brothers. There is also Adventure mode in which is is like a Mario Brothers. It is a vs. and a side scrolling adventure. All Star Mode is unlocked after youhave every charactor, Default and hidden. In all Star Mode you battle versus every Melee charactor on the way to victory. In Event match, you play tons of events. In some event matches you might get stages or charators(after the stage in which a charactor challedges you, defeat it and you will have that charactor)In Stadium you try a mini game. THe mini games are Target Test, Home run contest, Multi Man Melee. Target Test is when you try to break all the targets and set records. Home Run Contest is you try to hit the bag as far as possible. Mulii Man Melee is when you battle wire frame enemies.On to the regular game. SSBM is a awesome game you will never forget. It is tons of fun and will not bore you. THe graphics are supposed to look unrealistic and the graphics are superb for a cartoon fighting game. THe gameplay is fast and you NEED  to have good timing in this game because charactors are diffrent from normal fighting games like tekken. They can jump high and dodge attacks in a snap. There are soo many Modes to ahve and soo many charactors you have dreamed of playing. So,, are you ready for some action then...............GET SUPER SMASH BROTHERS MELEE
3	B00005Q8M0	Complete Masterpiece. HAL Laboratories added event match and several fun minigames to add to the one-player experience. The original super smash brothers lacked single player replay value, but this one has it. Long after I unlocked all 25 characters, I still have 60 trophies remaining to collect. This is the reason to buy the gamecube. The multiplayer is even better than the original. Now there are many kinds of special games, such as Giant Melee, Tiny melee, and Super Sudden death. The tournament mode is awesome, you can have up to 64 humans, or combos of computers and humans, and you only need two controllers. However, this game is best  with four players. Thankfully,  very little slowdown from the 60 frames per second. A Great game, for all Nintendoids and others. The trophies have great descriptions about games from Japan Only to N64 to gamecube to Nes. These can bring back memories, and for younger players, educate them about the greatest games on Nintendo systems.
3	B00005Q8M0	I'm pretty new to the GameCube in general since my parents didn't ever buy me any video games until the Wii came out, that being said I'd only ever played Brawl. I tested out the game as soon as I got it, and it works great, and should be a lot of fun. Can't wait to take it to college.
3	B00005Q8M0	Package arrived on time and came exactly how the seller described. In used- very good condition It is in excellent shape and my family has been enjoying it non-stop. I had played earlier versions of this game over at friend's houses and really loved it and so when I decided to get a game consol I had to make this game part of my collection.It's a great game for all ages although rated "T" for teen. Choose from several different Nintendo characters and battle with friends or computer characters of your choice. Choose several different varieties of game play, stages, and characters. Have never ending fun and the odds ever changing. I highly recommended this game choice.
3	B00005Q8M0	I LOVED the N64 version of Super Smash Bros. There were some things I would change, but I could play that for hours and never get bored. I got this game becuase I thought it would be better then the N64 version. In some ways it is but I just can't get into it like I did on the old one. Certain things like "getting trophies" are worthless to me. However you do get to play mini games and there are tons more options on multi-player and items as well. Overall its fine, but its just not something I care for.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee is a sequel to the original N64 game Super Smash Bros. which features popular Nintendo characters from different worlds coming together to battle on themed stages.The game is very fun and lighthearted. There is no bloodshed and it is easy to pickup and play.Like its predecessor, your aim is not to widdle a characters HP to 0 (although there is a special mode where you can turn that on), instead it focuses on doing enough damage to them that they will get knocked back from your hits and go flying all over the arena. This is very unique, because then it is your job to keep them from getting back onto the safety of the stage, and their job to try and use a combination of their midair jumps and special moves to try and get back onto the safety of the stage. The more damage you do, the harder and further they fly making it harder and harder for them to get back to safety. There are even "critical hits" that send your opponent careening helplessly into the sky and vanishing into a single point with a satisfying "ting".Super Smash Bros. Melee also offers a ton of fun items from baseball bats, to pokeballs that you can fling at your enemies or use to further deter them from the stage.I do not want to mention the characters because I don't remember which characters are "secret" on this version (having already unlocked them all), but there are characters from pretty much every Nintendo universe from The Legend of Zelda, to Pokemon, to Kirby, F-Zero, Metroid Prime, Mario and StarFox.There are lots of unlockable trophies, stages, items, and characters that you can earn by using a certain character a number of times, or playing the various modes in this game. A lot of time was put into ensuring a high-replay value of this game, and Nintendo really captured the essence of each franchise, and jam-packed them all into a high quality game.There are a ton of different modes including an "adventure mode" where you run through a side scrolling level with all of your fighting abilities, to 1v100 matches where a never ending stream of foes rain down from the sky and you must survive to be the last one standing, or a baseball themed level where your aim is to do as much damage as quickly as possible without getting carried away and launching your opponent until the very end.One could go on forever, but Super Smash Bros. Melee is an amazing game that will keep you busy for months just trying to unlock everything, and the gameplay never gets old or boring so you will continue to play long into the future.If you didn't have a chance to play this gem on the N64 when it first came out, do yourself a favor and pick up this awesome game as soon as possible or look for it to possible come out on the Virtual Console for Wii.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you are looing for a Mortal Kombat type fighting game you may what to look somewhere else (nope, no fatalities in Super Smash Brother Melee).  This game may be missing the blood and gore but it makes up for that in hidden stages and characters ,that you may feel like you'll never find.  The graphics are pretty good and the moves the players have are excellent.  One of the best features is when you play in adventure mode you have opportunities to get trophies.  The trophies are of all the characters off the old systems (NES, Super NES).  Just remember when looking at the box &quot;looks can be deceiving.&quot;
3	B00005Q8M0	i love this game its one of my favorite fighting games ever it has alot of characters in it my favorites are link,zelda,peach, i hate to ruin the surprise to all that dont have it  but i like marth and roy bowser is cool to it has 3 modes first are classic and adventure and you win this mode all star it also has many cool places to fight at and i like hyrule temple alot better its cool looken i like termina great bay and then when you beat things you earn some cool places you also get some of the old places from the last super smash bros.this game is so tight and worth buying i got it 2 christmases ago it was my very first gamecube game and i will always like this game then any other game i get. so if i were you i would get this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game, is one of the best games for GC, and at an awsome price! I first played the old one at my friend's house last summer, and when I played this one, I was really happy.When you play in this game, the graphics acually made your experience more fun. There are many hidden secrets to some of the levels. And, they can be useful, or harmful to your character.My friends and I always put it on Camera mode and go to the Hyrule Temple, and play Link, Gandorf, and Zelda/Sheik. We come up with awsome pictures and we make up our own storylines. It's really cool.The one player can get boring, but, when doing it for Trophies, then it's kind of worth it.Overall, there are more things that make this game awsome, but I really can't say, for I don't own the game. I'm hoping to buy it soon, now that is cheeper.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you liked the first Smash Bros, then get ready for Melee. It's not entirely new, think of this game as an upgraded version of the original. with 24 characters to play (most of whome have to be unlocked) the game play can get alot more diverse.With the same premise of the original, a slew of nintendo characters come together to kock eachother off the board. While the play is nearly identical to the n64 version, there are alot more features this time around that make playing this version more enjoyable.One of the addicting aspects of this game is collecting trophies. Every character, prop and reference from many NES games are recreated as a trophie you can win. They aren't easy to get, and that's what's so much fun.The only con i can see is unlocking certain levels and characters. to get mewtew you have to rack up over 700 vs games! likewise you have to have over 200 vs games in order to unlock the remaining 4 levels. For someone who is playing by themselves this can get rather tedious and it will take a VERY long time. other characters won't be unlock unless you've played 24 hours or more.Aside from this, Smash Bros goes to show that a sequal can still have the same controls, characters and gameplay and yet be entirely new and exciting! I highly recomend getting this game to add to your collection.PS: It's the best with 4 players!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is by far the BEST game you can get for Gamecube. To prove my point that this is a must have just look at the Nintendo Power Charts. It has been a best seller ever since it came out.This game has kept me entertained for over a year. One thing that keeps me motivated to play this is that I want to unlock every single thing possible. There is a lot to unlock and it takes it awhile to get. And all the characters are so diverse its almost impossible to not find one that fits your groove.The games best part is its multiplayer. You can play it with friends for hours because there is so many stages and rules you can change. Every match you play is a little different. And when you are only playing with one or two friends you can add in a computer controlled player to make things more interesting.There is nothing bad in this game.This game is a must have. Without this game your Gamecube collection is incomplete. If you have any doubts about getting it I encourage you to banish them.
3	B00005Q8M0	One word: AMAZING!  If I had to, I could end this review right there, but since I can say more, I will.  I love this game.  The graphics blew me away when I first turned it on, the diverse play modes are endless, and the sheer number of characters is astounding (25 in all).  This is without a doubt the BEST fighting game EVER!  The number of moves is high, but their simplicity to execute is a welcome change to the normal combination of buttons needed to execute a basic manuver.  Aside from being a great game, it is great for nostalgia!  The trophy feature is great because you can learn about new people, or remember old favorites you may have forgotten about.  Go buy this game, I guarantee you will love it.  Here are some character suggestions for you: The Almighty Kirbish One (Kirby) Roy (once you earn him), Link (also try his young self), and Ganondorf (once you earn him).  Have fun.
3	B00005Q8M0	I think Super Smash Bros. Melee for Nintendo GameCube has to be the best game they have released.  This is what I think of everything -Graphics: 3/5  --  Okay, so they're only 2-d graphics and admit it, lots of games have better graphics but they aren't terrible.  They didn't focus on the graphics anyway, they focussed on other things.Addictiveness: 5/5  --  Once you start playing, you can't stop.  It stays in your GameCube perminantly and you play it daily.  Very addictive.Variety:* Charecters: 5/5  --  Twenty-five charecters all together.  You have to win a few but it's your fault if you can't get them all.  Keep practicing and you'll get them.* Levels: 5/5  --  If 22 levels isn't enough for people, then nothing is.  5/5 for levels.Hidden Stuff: 5/5  --  Hidden Trophies, Hidden Charecters, Hidden Levels, All-Star Mode, Score Display, Random Stage, Sound Test, Events 11-51, definitely 5/5.Controls: 5/5  --  Easy enough once you play the game for a while.  Easy controls even though the original GameCube controller isn't the best.Overall: 5/5  --  Simply the best GameCube game out.  Very few faults makes this game unbelievable.
3	B00005Q8M0	Alright! Now this is why I brought a Gamecube! This is the console action I remember and love! This is a simply, a great game. Super Smash Bros. Melee takes everything I loved about Super Smash Bros. and ups it. It adds new, better, more complex characters. It adds more detailed levels. There's a ton of things to do in Single player. The replay value is through the roof if you love fighting games. This is the best Gamecube game I've played yet.On the single player side of things, my type of game, SSBM easily stands tall. Trophies are a blast to collect, and extremely well modeled. Any 3d artist will be proud of Nintendo's work. The Event mode is a ton of fun, and challenging enough to keep you trying without making you want to break the controller. The standard game is as you'd expect, standard... but a lot of fun and worth playing though at least once with every character. Multiplayer wise, it's as fun as it's ever been. It can be a blast to get a game going between two good players, and certainly a very entertaining time.The graphics are incredible. Mario has a more realistic look to him this time, as well as Bowser. Bowser is meaner, bigger, and badder than ever. He claws, he spikes, he spits flame... and shows no mercy. All the characters this time around have surprising complexity to them. Zelda can transform into her alter ego, making for two sets of moves and two sets of attacks. Her motion as her alter self are incredible, the animation is a work of art. She flips, jabs, teleports, and fights with the fluidness of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. All the characters have every trademark move you'd expect. Samus is truly a joy to play as in 3d. Her flips, her blasts, her bombs, even her grapple hook are all just as you'd expect. There's nothing quite like blasting Kirby into the stratosphere with a barrage of attacks from the old days of Metroid. Link is cool as ever as well, his shield, his hookshot, boomerang, bombs, and most importantly sword fighting abilities are all intact. You'll feel just like the old Zelda days again, there's even a battle in event mode against your dark shadow self. I could continue on for quite some time like this, but you'll see when you play.The levels are extremely detailed and varied. They range from the F-Zero race track of the unforgettable Mute City to a Pokemon Stadium that changes form as the battle progresses. Each is fun, each is jaw dropping gorgeous, but none so much as the Hyrule Temple. Zelda fans will simply adore this map. Another favorite of mine is of course, BrinStar. *drool*This game is incredibly easy to recommend. I highly suggest it as a buy to fans of Nintendo and/or fighting. If you've got a lot of pals around to VS against, all the better. However, the single player action alone is fun for ages. There's just so much to collect and so many characters to unlock and fight with. If you're not a big Nintendo freak like me, or not sure of it's lasting appeal, give it a rental. If by the end of the rental you're bored, it wasn't worth buying anyway. If not, pick it up. It's a great example of Nintendo through the ages and a showcase title for your Gamecube.- Rirath_com
3	B00005Q8M0	I don't actually own this title any more but I regret selling it for $20. It was a nice game (One of the best for Gamecube) It had extraordinary graphics and it showed what the gamecube could do but the gameplay was sligthly diffrent, so abnormal compared to the first it seemed the games went by faster and were boring.For one, it seemed the character fell down faster then normal and for two, The moves seem to be performed faster and smoother then the original.I feel this change was for the worst, the gameplay was way better in the original and 1 player is nice and long and gives lots of stuff to explore while completing this game.The original is way better for multiplayer, this sequal is nice for the one who plays alone.
3	B00005Q8M0	Smash bros is a good set of games, and even with the upcoming release of the newer version this is still a very good use of your time.  You can get up to 25 characters to play with.  Multiplayer is where this game is at though, you can play with up to 3 friends.
3	B00005Q8M0	First off, if you owned N64 and ever played Super Smash Bros. and loved it, then you're gonna love this title even more!  This one has more features than you can shake a stick at!  I don't have enough room to mention them all, but I can give you an idea, the first being more characters in the game, any fighter should have a lot of characters and this one provides that one no problem.  Secondly, multiplayer, the multiplayer has a four person battle royal, and will be a big party game come December.  Last, so many more modes of play it's not funny, of course, yet again I can't name all but just to name a few, coin mode, tournament, Hit Point mode, and the list goes on.  I suggest this for every GameCube fan, or just anyone that loves fighters, this one rocks.
3	B00005Q8M0	Melee took many people by suprise as did it's predecessor, and like it's predecessor this game is totally awesome. Melee is very much like the original but on a way bigger scale. The graphics have been improved and look great. The controls are very tight and work basically like the orignal Nintendo 64 ones. Between the numerous characters in the game you will have hundreds of moves at your disposal. A couple new characters I really liked seeing where Young Link and Marth. The sheer amount of new stuff added to this game is overwhelming from the number of levels, characters, unlockables, moves. You will deffinently get your money's worth out of this title. Dont worry about it looking childish. This game is sweet. Trust me and all the other reviewers when I say this is a great game. Buy it for your GameCube. I strongly recommend it. Thanks for reading.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee is a much better game the Super Smash Bros (for N64). There are more characters and and has a better playing mode. Here are all the good and bad stuff about it.THE GOOD STUF1. There are more characters to choose from. When you unlock all the secret characters, you can choose from Mario, Luigi, Dr. Mario, Mewtow, Pikachu, Pichu, Samous, Fox, Falco Lambardi,DK, C. Falcon, Princess Peach, Zelda, Link, Young Link, Gannadorf, Roy, Mr. Game and Watch, Marth, Kirby, Yoshy, Jigglypuff, Iceclimbers, and Bowser.2. The appearence of the characters' fighting moves have advanced. Ex. If shoot multiple times with Fox's blaster, instead of taking one shot and putting the gun back in his jacket and taking it back out to shoot again like in the original, he'll just keep shooting as many times as you press the button and not put it back in his jacket.3. The weapons have advanced and there are more new weapons. Ex. The ray gun used to shoot out a whiteball, now it shoots out a green ray. There are new weapons like the metal box you use in SUPER MARIO 64. And an item that makes you invisible and bunnyears that make you run faster and more health item and much more!4. Unlike the original Super Smash Bros, you do more stuff then just to get points and unlock secret characters. Now you do what you van to do both thing and try to beat all 50 event matches and are on a mission to collect hundreds different trophies.5. This game has the same type of mode in the original. It's called CLASSIC and there is also one called ADVENTURE where you do more things then just fight characters, you also have run through the stage. It's similar to what you do in the original Mario games.6. In some bonus levels there are some in it that you can take so you do not always have to use the LOTTERY for trohies or having to beat the game with everybody.7. There are now new stages. Ex. Remember the stage "Rainbow ride" from Mario 64, well they now turned that into a stage. Now there is a stage of a pokemon stadium, stage of the front view of the STARFOX ship, there is a new link stage and there is a stage where you fight on top of peaches castle and more!8. Most of the stages now have more fighting so the chances of you dying are not as good as it was in the original.THE BAD STUFF1. When you beat Classic or Adventure mode, you get atleast 3 coins which is meant for a lotter which I mentioned in sentence 6 about the good quantities, Lottery gives you any random trophy but after you have collected alot of trophy's the chances of getting a new one are bad. I have 200 trophies and the chance of geting a new trophy when I use one coin is something like 19%.2. You need a memory card to save your work instead of being saved on the game like the Original. If you don't have a card, then all your hard work gets erased.Anyway as far as I am concerned, this game has more good things then bad things. Ialways have fun when I play this game and I'm pretty sure you will too if you buy this. Get it!
3	B00005Q8M0	This is my favorite game no doubt for Nintendo Gamecube! This was one of the first games to come out and it had exceptional graphics and sound. Super Smash Bros. on Nintendo 64 was an awesome game and I think they really improved this game from the last. I bought this game the first day it came out and I have redone it about six times and it still sometimes a little bit challenging. It's another great hit from the makers of Nintendo and everyone should get a chance to play with it. Your children will love it if they can get this game for Christmas. This game no doubt is a complete smash hit!
3	B00005Q8M0	You have to get this game, it's a must for every single gamecube owner on the planet! It doesn't even get boring after you beat it (which takes a while without cheats so you'll have plenty of gaming time).
3	B00005Q8M0	I definitely prefer Melee to the newer Brawl... I like how it has more options and although it doesn't have the same characters that came out in brawl, the ones that are the same are better since some in the newer wii game got screwed ability wise. I love the story mode, I love the stages (I feel more games are included on this one versus the brawl game) and likewise I love the music and variation of that. Great game!
3	B00005Q8M0	is if I were a secret character. Please somebody hook me up to an IV of SSBM. Never before has a game been this addicting. If you like mario, buy this game. If you like zelda, buy this game! Even if you hate pokemon to the point you set your little brothers Pikachu Doll on fire, buy this game. I really don't like the fighting genre, but is that what this game is supposed to be? I just call it a take all the best nintendo characters, ridiculous amounts of stuff for you to do and unlock, never see the light of day, call up your friends and make them use the [inexpensive] paddle so you feel better about yourself kind of game. This is your chance to take all your aggresion about pokemon out on pokemon. Oh yeah and the graphics and levels look amazing! Buy this game! Buy this game! Buy this game!
3	B00005Q8M0	Wow, this is one of the best games I've ever done, and I've got some of the best games for the cube like Spider-man 2, Bounty Hunter, and Terminator 3(redemption).Now you should know that Smash Bros. is thousands of mind-numbing hours of blowing your best bud off the screen. But did you know that you could go to lengendary locations from Princess Peach's Castle to F-Zero Grand Prix? Well you can.With all these levels, your thinking "who am I going to use" well you can use the heroes like Link or Mario, or the bad boys like Bowser or regular 'ol Joes like Samus Aran.Now your thinking "With all these characters and levels how can it get any better" Guess what, there is more! You can unlock new homies like Ganondorf, Luigi, Pichu ect (For those of you who are playing at home, that's a good thing).I'm going to let you in on a secret. You can get these pimps and more if you beat the 1p-classic or adventure mode or doing enough Melees.The 1-p classic is waging an all out war against other melee men you already have. Adventure mode is going around doing pointless tasks, like going around beating up Goompas(don't ask). When you get a sign on the screen that says "new challanger" you'll see the outline of the challenger. You go head to head against whoever. When you beat 1-p or adventure you will get a trophy with the biography of the character.You can do a melee against 64 friends, yes 64, no I'm not drunk. It is not internet linked eather. It's hard to explain.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is brandon jarvas stolt i played this game alot including the super smash brothers for nintendo 64 but super smash brothers melee for nintendo gamecube is THE BEST GAME IN THE ENTIRE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	I could go on all day about this game's revolutionary gameplay, sound, graphics and replay value. A true Nintendo fan's dream. A virtual history of Nintendo! This game is GOLD! Do not pass this up! I couldn't wait to get it home.
3	B00005Q8M0	Take all your favorite Nintendo characters and throw them in a battle.Mario beating up Link? Check.Princess Peach beating up Donkey Kong, Check.There's really not much more to it than that.It's a fun game. Great to pick up and play for a half hour, even better if you have friends over.This is not Soul Calibur, this is definitely a button masher game.Fun, frantic, great graphics and decent fighting arenas.Like I said, it's not the deepest fighting game around but to see all your favorite Nintendo characters going at it is a blast.Recommended.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee is, as I said above, multiplayer gold. However, there is much more than multiplayer in this game. Below, I will review the game briefly covering everything.First, I will review the game's single player.There are five single player modes available when you first begin the game: Classic, Adventure, Event, Stadium and Training. I will review each mode one at a time.Classic Mode....................................................Classic mode is very straightforward. First, you select the character you want to play, and then you start the game. The gameplay goes like this: you will fight multiple enemies one at a time, sometimes you will fight whole teams of enemies at once, and sometimes you will fight alongside a few allies against one giant enemy. Also, there are some bonus stages to play in- between some of the matches. After you beat all of the stages, you will be pitted against a boss. After you beat the boss, you will earn a trophy.Adventure Mode...................................................Adventure mode is like a sidescrolling game of its own. You select a character, and then start the game. The gameplay goes like this: you play through 12 levels of non-stop enemy smashing, door finding, and danger avoiding. After you finish all of the levels, you earn a trophy.Event Mode.......................................................Event Mode is a combination of both Classic and Adventure Modes. When you select the mode, there is a list of missions that you need to complete in order to beat the entire game. As I said above, these missions are made up of both classic and adventure mode games. The missions range from beating up a giant version of DK to running away from super fast cars. The more matches you complete, the more matches become available to you.Stadium Mode.....................................................Stadium Mode is made up of three minigames: target test, homerun contest, and multiman melee.In Target Test, you select your character, and then you must destroy 10 small targets places in multiple places on a strange floating group of platforms and tunnels.In Homerun Contest, you select your character, and then you must hit a bag full of sand as far as you can.In Multiman Melee, you select your character, and then you must beat up multiple wireframe enemies.Training Mode....................................................In Training Mode, you can learn how to play the game, test out different characters, and learn basic gameplay strategies..................................................................Now that I have covered Single Player Mode, I will cover multiplayer. There are 3 multiplayer modes available when you first begin the game: melee, special melee, and tournament mode.Melee............................................................In melee, you can play by yourself or with friends against either computer controlled bots or other human players. You can do free for all matches or team matches. The gameplay is basically straightforward smashing other players, and there are multiple stages to fight on, as well as weapons and items to use.Special Melee Mode...............................................There are ten types of special gameplay modes in special melee mode, each of which has its own unique rules and style. Their names pretty much explain themselves, but I will briefly review each one.Camera Mode: player 4 can take snapshots of the other three players that can be viewed later on, and saved to your memory card.Giant Melee: All of the players are huge.Stamina Mode: If you run out of health, yer' out!Tiny Melee: All the players are tiny.Super Sudden Death: One hit can destroy you!Fixed Camera Mode:Instead of following the action, the camera stays zoomed way out, making it difficult to keep track of your character.Invisible Melee: All players are invisible.Lightning Melee: All players move super fast.Single Button Mode: You only use the control stick and A button to fight.Slo-Mo Melee: All players move super slow..................................................................Now that I have covered the gameplay, I will review the games other features.Lottery: use coins earned in single player and multi player to get trophies! The more coins you use, the higher your chance of getting a new trophy.Gallery: veiw your trophies!Data: well, this mode explains itself. View your records, snapshots, etc..................................................................Characters: When you first begin the game, you can play as the following characters:MarioBowserPeachLinkZelda.... who can transform into SheikSheik.... who can transform into ZeldaPicachuYoshiDonkey KongFoxCaptain FalconNessSamusIce Climbers, and...KirbyEach character has his/her own unique attacks and abilities.The reason I have given this game 5 stars is because of its ability to maintain interest; how fun it is, and just because I like mastering a character's abilities and beating up enemies.The only downside to this game is how hard some of the gameplay modes can be. Besides that, this game is a must-buy. If you have a gamecube, pick this game up!
3	B00005Q8M0	If you have a Gamecube, a T.V., and some friends(unless you're a recluse) then you'll love the best Gamecube title available to gamers! The original was certainly fresh and fun, and this game holds that true. But now you have better graphics, the same and even more characters, and a rounup of new awesome levels to play in! New taunts and moves also add a touch more the already great game! The characters are even better with new greats like Bowser and the unstoppable Zelda/Sheik duo. If only the Ice Climbers would die!! New levels are back, and this time, there are more than just one level for each character. In the old version, it was hard to create sets of characters from each game. But now, you can have a slugfest with Mario, Luigi, Peach and Bowser in Peach's castle grounds! Or even add in D.K. or Yoshi to the Mario lineup! Create a wizardly lineup with Gannondorf, Zelda, and Link in Hyrule Temple! Even create a cute sense to the game with Pichu, Pikachu, Jigglypuff, my favorite character, or even that dumb...Mewtwo in the Pokemon Arena! There are hundreds of options to choose. Stock, time, team battle among others are back for game mode options, and now you have new SPECIAL game modes with such matches as hitting only the "A" button or even making your characters fight at lighting paces! One player can enjoy the game, but the fun comes with three or even better, four people! Two's good also. If you are a colorful, playful party gamer like me, then you'll love this game! If you worship Resident Evil or Fatal Frame, goths might freak! Above all, if you are not a hermit that's grumpy all day long or a sad person without buddies, then you'll find this game to be worth the investment and it will have a place in your Gamecube heart! By the way, get cheats off of the internet to find how to get all of the hidden characters. There are more than just the ones with question-marks on their mug! Secret levels too!
3	B00005Q8M0	Unlike in Xbox's DOA3 where you get bored , GC's SSBM is guaranteed to keep you playing for at least 1 hour. Bowser is one of the best players but wait untill you unlock Pichu and Ganondorf. They rock. This is THE reason to get a GCN when you can!
3	B00005Q8M0	I have been fortunate enough to play the game and it is awesome. The graphics are absolutely amazing! It is one of the best games I ever played. It is so detailed and percise. I think everyone should buy it. If you are thinking about Xbox then you have not seen SSB Melee. Could Xbox show the stiching on Mario's pants? Didn't think so.
3	B00005Q8M0	this game is awsome very fun like the first but this is better. I still play this game till this day well brawl came out that looks the samething and theirs reviews saying that it was'nt that great stick with melee but otherwise this game is really fun and funny the way you knock your oppoinet hard than they hit the screen i always laugh when that happens awsome game and i love gamecube buy the way its a fun console that comes out with games that are really fun really better than shooting games cause shooting games you get board of but they made some shooting games for the gamecube that are better than ps2 and xbox cause its not as boring but this game is hot really fun.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is a very good video game, but for some reason they jacked up the characters a little, and the hammer is slower, but I gotta say, it had all the characters: Mario, DK, Link, Samus, Yoshi, Kirby, Fox, Pikachu, Jigglypuff, C. Falcon, Ness, Luigi, and alot more like Peach, and Bowser. I definitely finds this a great game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Well...... All I have to say is that is is awesome.  If you liked Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo, this is the game for you.  I like the amount of secret, and starting charactors including Kirby, Bowser, Young Link, Ganondorf, Zelda, Yoshi Mario, Luigi, Dr. Mario, Peach, ice climbers, Ness, and  plenty more.  Also with about 15 new modes you will never not want to play it. I think this is in the top 10 for any games made by Nintendo. (...)
3	B00005Q8M0	No other fighting game lets you fight with this many options, weapons or control.  Old School gamers will recognize the various boards from some of their favorite games (Mario brothers, Kirby, Zelda, etc) and as much as it looks like a classic Nintendo kiddie game, it is far from it.  Sure, the younger generation can play it since its built to be a button smasher (much like Tekken) but the expert gamers will see there is much more to it than that.  If there are kids in your house, put this game on, plug in 4 controllers (or the adapters to plug in your PS controllers) and let em go at it.  They'll play for hours on end without driving you crazy.  Make sure this game is in your collection.
3	B00005Q8M0	Never got the chance to play the games when I was younger and the first I ever got to play was Brawl. With games, you never want to start at the end but the Super Smash games never go out of style. This game definitely stands up to the newer and shinier, Brawl.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you think the first Super Smash Bros was good, check out this one!  There are more characters, modes, and even an tournament mode for up to 64 players!  I have to say that Melee is a lot more challenging than the first Smash Bros!  With 25 characters, the games fun never stops!  This is the best multiplayer fighting game out there!  So if your gonna get gamecube, you should get this game first thing!!
3	B00005Q8M0	this game is a true classic and a must have for game collectors me myself I got it on that wonderful dec. 2 2001 if your a gamer that didnt have a gamecube this is a very enjoyable game playable on the wii so have fun with a blast from the past.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers Melee is great. If you have someone to play with, I highly recommend it, but if you don't, you'll probably get sick of the game very quickly. By the way, don't get ripped off here or on ebay! This game retails for only $20, and they are charging $30 on Amazon! Get it from the store and save yourself money.
3	B00005Q8M0	I played this game with my friend Nic Brand, but I beat it just the same. I think that this game was great because I like fighting games. I am a fan of the cap com v.s games. this is like those.
3	B00005Q8M0	Well don't look here, because Super Smash Bros Melee is anything BUT a &quot;button masher.&quot; With dozens of characters, each with limited amounts of moves, they're easy to take control of. But mastering a character takes hours of practice, hours of adventuring, hours of multi-man melees! Smash Bros Melee isn't a rehash of it's N64 brother, but a revamp. There's so much new stuff that it'll feel like a totally new game.Well what's so &quot;new&quot; about it? For one, about 13 new characters. That's right, there's 25 characters total this time. Of course, only 14 are playable at first, so it's your job to unlock the rest of the characters, which is no easy task. Not to mention there's about twice as many levels, with some classic levels from the first game (in case you really miss 'em that much). Most of the music is orchestrated; it's a great feeling to listen to a stringed orchestra play the Legend of Zelda theme. There's also tons of trophies to collect, over 200. New modes, including TONS of 1 player modes, so this game is just as fun by yourself as it is with a large group of people. The loading times are fast, the secrets are plentiful, there's just too much to mention!So what am I saying basically... hmmm... well, you owe it to yourself to buy this game. And if you don't have a Gamecube... buy it then buy this. I've had it since December 2001, and I'm still unlocking new things. It just never ends!
3	B00005Q8M0	You're probably looking at the tagline for this review and thinking I'm crazy. I don't blame you, but Super Smash Brothers Melee is probably the best party game on Earth along with Halo. Nothing beats getting together with 3 of your friends and kicking the snot out of each other. (non-violently, of course) I'm sure you know the cast of characters and the stages in SSMB by now. With the exception of the Ice Climbers (i hate those guys), it's flawless. The items are hilarious and effective as well. The single player is great too. From unlocking characters to playing against pretty smart AI in melee mode, it's all a good time. The graphics are quite pleasing to the eye, just pause and zoom in to see for yourself. I best stop gushing now, I guess I have nothing but praise for this four year old gem. See you online in Super Smash Brothers Revolution! Cheers.
3	B00005Q8M0	Although some may critizize Nintendo for being too reliant on it's franchises Nintendo always manages to make these franchise titles the best thier respective genre has to offer. Mario the best platformer, Zelda the best Action RPG, Metroid the best adventure, and Super Smash Bros Melee the best fighter...Most fighter games get old within a few days, but I've had this game since December and I'm still finding more than enough things to do in this game to keep me busy, and I'm beginning to wonder if there is even an end to all the things to unlock! So many trophies, side quests, alternate modes, and the more you complete the more you unlock, this game is simply amazing.This game is not the pinacle of the GameCubes graphical power, but for the most part it still manages to stand above the competing consoles. The backgrounds could have had more detail, but the characters looks imply amazing, and the real time clips mixed into the FMV movie at the beginning show such a smoth transition between prerendered and real time graphics you start to realize that GamCube is definately the most underrated system of the batch. The sound of this game is simply great, and the adventure mode gives gamers a chance to live the fantasy of playing through Super MArio Bros as Samus Aaron... though it would have been nice to have had the adventure mode a little longer and more elaborate (especially the metroid inspire level.)This game is nearly perfect for it's genre, and most importantly the game is a blast! I haven't had this much pure fun in a very long time.
3	B00005Q8M0	Still playing the save file I completed in the early 2000's.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is one of gamecubes biggest games!!!  It has great new characters, some new levels, new items, enhanced graphics, and much much more. A great addition to any Gamecube library. You should buy your copy today.
3	B00005Q8M0	i deside to buy this game cause' i loved in its time and still love it.everything is ok with it, i'm so happy
3	B00005Q8M0	To start off this is under the genre of a fighter, but it is so much more than that. Great multiplayer mode, soooo much to unlock, 25 characters, 29 stages, 50 event maches, which are actually very fun, 290 trophies to earn find collect and buy,3 1 player modes, 6 if training, stadium and event match are counted, 3 stadium modes,Target Test - Smash Ten Targets!Home-Run Contest - Smash Sand Bag As Far As You Can!Multi-Man Melee - Fight For You Life! Fight!3 Regular 1 Player Matches Are,Classic - Defeat Each Foe To Advance!Adventure - Clear A stage from a classic franchise (like side-scrolling mushroom kingdom) than fight boss to advanceAll-Star - Defeat All Characters With 1 Life (On Normal this can get tough, on hard or very hard it's, hard or very-hard! and on either of the easy settings it's just boring)The Characters Are:Dr. MarioMarioLuigiPrincess PeachBowserYoshiDonkey KongCaptain FalconGanondorfFalco LambardiFox McCloudNessIce ClimbersKirbySamusPrincess ZeldaLinkYoung LinkPichuPikachuJigglypuffMewtwoMr. Game &amp; WatchMarthandRoyPlus over a dozen multiplayer modes.The Game Also Sounds Great. The in game graphics are very good, but not the best. But, if you pause it and zoom in on a character, it just looks fantastic. And when you first put this dist in, don't touch the controller, the opening sequence is nothing less than beutiful.Just buy this game it's worth the $30s. I looked at my timer when I wrote this review, i've played for 88 hours, and i'm still having fun, of course after unlocking all characters and levels, which will take between 30 and 40 hours, you will need to play with friends to stay interested.
3	B00005Q8M0	Well, this is another masterpiece by NINTENDO! This game, juust like the original is very fun, and original! Here is the low down...Graphics:Awesome!!! All the characters look like they were taken from their original games and put in this game. The arenas are also very original and cool looking. AGameplay: Best cartoon fighting game... hands down!!! All your favorite characters are included and you could just play for hours. YOU JUST GET HOOKED! AWESOME!Fun Factor: A 100 if possible! Absolutly the best! NINTENDO has created a masterpiece that will go down as one of the best games ever!This is my review... hope it was helpful! A MUST BUY!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	When I was egarly anticipating playing this game, there was a small nagging feeling saying &quot;I hope this version isn't just a better-looking Super Smash Bros.(N64)...Well, now I know that I had absolutly nothing to worry about! This game takes absolutly everything I loved as a veteran of the old version, great characters, simple controls but a surprisingly large array of moves and combos, and getting to beat the snot out of picachu and jiggalypuf.Then is has everything i wish it had in the old game, more characters, more levels, a tournament mode, and a more extensive single player mode, and an amazing amount of moves such as mid-air doges, smash B-Moves, and 4 different throws.And finally it has gone beyond what I hoped it would have! I've got new levels plus some old levels, 2 great single player modes, the great new power-up smash A-Moves ability, the all new trophy collecting(which i think is absolutly awesome, seeing a bunch of my past nintendo favorites), and...oh boy...Now I get to beat the snot out of picachu, jiggallypuf, AND Pichu!!! Its just amazing how nintendo can take such a great game and make is so much better!
3	B00005Q8M0	Great game, came with everything it said it would, no complaints over here! You can trust these guys! Was missing the side advertisements that usually come in the box
3	B00005Q8M0	If you ever owned a Nintendo 64, I'm sure 99 out of 100 of you had played Super Smashed Bros. at least once. It was a BIG hit for all Loyal Nintendo fans and Mortal Kombat fanatics. Those little 64-polygraphic characters provided hours of entertainment, because it was something completely new. I mean, C'mon, what other game has characters from OTHER games combine into ONE game where they battle each other in places from OTHER games and use items from OTHER games? Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock, BZZZZZ! Times up, NOTHING!Well now, it's back! With EVERYTHING from the old games (Except for 1 element, I'll get into that later) plus MORE, MORE, MORE! This time with perfectly smoothed textures and tons more moves, plus more options. Super Smash is a super smash!As I've already said, much of the original version has been included in to the newer one. The old characters: Mario, DK, Link, Samus, Yoshi, Kirby, Fox and Pikachu, plus the 4 hidden chatacters, Luigi, Captain Falcon, Ness and Jigglypuff, are all in it. (In the newer one, Captain Falcon and Ness have already been unlocked for you. You must unlock Jigglypuff and Luigi.) Every level and item is in it. It would take forever to explain all the details, but basically it is the same as the 1st one. You unlock levels and characters like the 1st one, more moves, etc. It's amazing. However, what happened to Board the Platforms? Oh well, I can't put anything lower that 10/10.Don't get me started on the Graphics. Really, don't, or I'll be going on...and on...and on...and on. I was blown away the first time I played Super Smash Bros. Not because my TV overheated and exploded, however that could add into it, because of the Graphics. Full 360 degress character, items and levels. The texture is SOOOOOO smothed. I love it. I can't explain much more. You can Zoom in and out, and the texture and quality will remain the same 4eva! There's no doubt in me saying this gets a 10/10.Pika! Pika! Pika! Pika! Pika! Pika! Okay, I swear, If Mario goe's &quot;Ha Ha!&quot; or Captain Falcon goes &quot;Falcon!&quot; again I will scream! The sound in this game is the bare minimum. Everything has a sound, but unfortuantly it is always the same. Most smashing sfx are the same. All weapons make the same sound, and when players perform moves they say the same thing. The constant DING sound whenever a menu is changed will annoy most users. I really thing Nintendo could have had a field day with the sounds, but just slapped some crude sounds and called it quits. I have to knock 'em down with a low 7/10.Well, for one thing, the speed is definitly not as fast at Pikachu running, but it gets there. The only thing that kinda bugs me is that it saves at every menu. It takes about 4 seconds or so, along with some other things as well. All I can say is that it is fast but not superman. It's about as good as a 9/10.With any fighting game, controls are key. This game makes it very easy with simple commands such as &quot;a&quot; is punch/kick/slap, whatever. &quot;b&quot; is a standerd power move. Z is throw, R is shield. The most technical is goes into is having to move the analog stick up, down, left or right with pressing &quot;a&quot; or &quot;b&quot;. The control makes the grade, with a perfect 10/10.The great thing about Super Smash is that it's not fun, fun, fun ... then it's over. The great multiplayer option lets you play endless hours with friends or againts the CPU. Unlike the original 1p mode, where you would fight Link, 12 kirbies, Fox, etc. and it would be the same everytime, this game bends the rules. It is simply Fight one random character, then fight 12 random charactders, then fight one random character, etc. Replay again and again, knowing that you can't go wrong with a 10/10.All in all, Super Smash makes it's trademark by being Nintendo all the way. Made by Nintendo, made only for Nintendo, this game will beat Xbox's trademarked games anyday.Let's review:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 7/10Speed: 9/10Controls: 10/10Replay value: 10/10CHEATS: Nothing really. You get some trophies, you get some secret characters. I give Super Smash an extra point for cheats.Total: 56/60 giving Super Smash Brother Melle a 94.34, + 01.00 for cheats, so it's a 95.34
3	B00005Q8M0	This is one of the best games I've ever played and the best Nintendo game I've ever played. The Graphics are 5/5, the music is 5/5, and gameplay is 5/5.This is a must for Poke'mon fans, Nintendo fans, Gamecube fans, fighting game fans, gamers, and anyone that likes to play a good game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros: Melee is so cool. From unlocking characters to 4-player frenzy, Super Smash bros.: Melee is always out on top.Memory Card 5/5:Uses ONLY 3 blocks of your Memory CardUnlockables 5/5: Trophies, New Stages, and CharactersGraphics 4/5: Remarkably Gorgeous (Except Link looks Dopey)Characters:MarioPikachuBowserPeachYoshiDonkey KongCaptain FalconFox McCloudNessIce ClimbersKirbySamusZelda (Transforms into Sheik)LinkSheik (Transforms into Zelda)Characters to Unlock:Marth (From Fire Embelem, a game only in Japan)Dr. MarioJigglypuffPichuLuigiMewtwoFalco LambaradiRoy (From Fire Embelem, a game only in Japan)Young LinkMr Game and Watch and othersCharacters attacks: 5/5Quite Damaging to Other playersNow that u read that chart, it's pretty safe to say "Make this your 1st GameCube game." Recommended.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you ever wanted to beat the living daylights out of Mario, Link, Ness, Fox McCloud, and all the other over-rated characters Nintendo refuses to shut-up about, this is your chance. Well, this and the other Smash Bros game for Nintendo 64. Then there's that NES emulation ROM game floating around on the internet...This has to be one of the best fighting games on this system, if the announcer doesn't bother you. For God's sake, Nintendo, why can't you just give people the option of turning voices off?!!!!!The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is releatively simple so you don't have to learn a lot of button combinations, there is a great selection of characters with lots of unlockables, you can earn trophies of past and present Nintendo characters, and the mini-games ... well ... the mini-games kinda suck. At least they're not essential to winning the game.You can play as Mario of course, along with Link, Luigi*, Samus, Princess "Peach Toadstool, Bowser, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Captain Falcon, Fox McCloud, Ness, the Ice Climbers, Kirby, Pikachu, and Zelda. Yes, Zelda is finally playable on a U.S. Nintendo system, and she can turn into Shiek when you pull down on the control stick and press the B button simultaniously. If you intend to buy this game and want to find out for yourself who else is unlockable, don't read the very last paragraph in this review.Except for in one of the special matches that don't earn you anything, defeating your opponents is not about draining their energy until they are knocked out. You have to send your enemies flying out of the arenas. The more you beat your adversaries around, the easier it becomes to knock them out of the arena. If you want real specifics on the gameplay, look for them at GameFaqs or some other information website.There is a lot of stuff to unlock and it's not easy, so this game won't bore you easilly if it doesn't bore you right away.Another cool special feature in this game is the ability to alter the view while the game is paused, showing the full 3D power of the game. It gets even better in camera mode.*Has to be unlocked.-LAST PARAGRAPH-Other Unlockables: Dr Mario, Falco Lambardi, Gannondorf, Young Link, Pichu, Jiggly-Puff, Mewtwo, Mr Game & Watch, Marth, and Roy. There are a total of 25 playable characters altogether. 26 if you can somehow play as The Hand, which I'm not sure is possible.
3	B00005Q8M0	With almost 30 stages and 25 secret characters, along with more than a dozen modes of play, this game will be worth every penny. The original did not have many modes, and not nearly as many characters or stages, but it was still a lot of fun. Melee will be fun for years to come. Among the new character additions are Bowser and Mewtwo, who are the strongest characters in the game, also my favorites.  Ganondorf is as strong as them, but he's not as fun.  Anyhoo, there are a few things that have changed from the original that bug me.  It's harder to see the action up close and personal, the bob-ombs aren't as &quot;Kaboom&quot;-ey sounding as they should, and that damn flower item... grrrr... Also, I find myself pausing waaayyy too often to check out a cool special attack. Those minor flaws don't take away from the fun all that much, and in the heat of battle, you'll be too busy to notice because the computer players put up much more of a fight than they used too.  Buy it, or at least rent it, and you'll see why it's such a hit.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is very fun! Battle with Nintendo's best characters in an all out clash with the best two player mode ever. Unlock new characters and courses in adventure mode and story mode! Another great thing is the music and all the courses.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee. How to sum it up in one word? Amazing! Smash Bros. Melee is the sequel to the N64 version. All the Nintendo characters (if not, most of them) from the first game make a return. Plus there's a bunch of new characters like Zelda, Princess Peach and the retro characters the Ice Climbers. Also, throw in a handful of extra hidden characters and you got the fighter lineup. The modes of play are plentiful. There's the original tournament and there's also new modes like the Adventure mode, Coin mode and even a Homerun mode. Smash Bros. was one of the best multiplayer games on the N64. Smash Bros. Melee is no different. You can go up against 3 other CPU controlled characters or even better, get 3 of your friends and you'll have one pretty hectic game. Overall, this game is great for anyone, no matter if you're a newbie to this game or a long time fan.
3	B00005Q8M0	Great game!! Mario versus Ganon!? Yes!! Yoshi spanking down Samus?! Awesome!I would like to see Sonic in these games. I know he is not a nintendo character but it would be sweet non the less!
3	B00005Q8M0	In SSB Nintendo really outdid themselves to make sure they made a five-star fighting game. I don't want to take up too much of your time so here's my short review.Graphics: Fantastic. There are so many things to see; the fire in Bowser's breath is extremely authentic, Nintendo even bothered to put in Mario's teeth! 9/10Gameplay: Ah, it's okay. If it only weren't so darn fast-paced... 6/10Sound: GREAT! GREAT! GREAT! That's all I can say. 10/10Overall:8 1/2 out of 10.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is the greatest game ever made.  It has tons of trophies you have to get and lots of characters to discover too.  This game even has an adventure mode for people who don't just want to gight other characters.  I play it everyday and I have about 200 trophies to get and that is keeping me busy.  The more characters you get the funner the game gets.  The best part is the awesome lightning speed gameplay.  The gameplay is better than any ordinary fighting game, it's MADNESS.  And who says the graphics haven't improved.  Only a stupid person would be blind enough not to see the intense increase of graphics.  If you are still reading this I hope not because if you still don't have this...STOP WASTING TIME READING THIS!  get it NOW.  I would also recommend Star Wars Rogue Leader: rogue squadron II.
3	B00005Q8M0	I don't know how anyone couldn't give this game 5 stars. It's so unbelivibly fun and it never gets old. If you get tired of normal mode try the tiny mode or giant mode. Theres so many fun characters and fun levels. This has to be one of the best games ever created. I belive it has a better multiplayer mode then mario party 4. Games usually don't get this good so get this game soon and start having fun.
3	B00005Q8M0	According to my kids, this is the coolest game but personally, if you have vertigo, I'd advise against it.  The game performs really well, no glitches in the programming that I've witnessed but the graphics can be overwhelming.  Also the music is so repetitive and there is no option to turn it off.  And like all other Game Cube games,  I find this a bit expensive.
3	B00005Q8M0	Hours and hours of fun. The combat moves are fun, stages visually entertaining, and graphics pretty good. Check out the newer version for Wii (Super Smash Bros. Brawl).
3	B00005Q8M0	...and buy this beast of a game. Get four friends and/or relatives around the tube, and prepare to say "Just one more round..." about 50 times. A classic in the truest sense, SSBM takes the simple premise of fighting games and morphs it into one of the best expiriences on any game system, EVER. Ask anyone who owns a gamecube, and they will probably tell you that they own this game. You should, too. Buy it now.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you're buying a Gamecube, I would definitely suggest getting this game. The visuals are crisp and the audio is well done. I love the orchestral renditions of the old Nintendo themes during the battles. While playing the mutiplayer option, you have the ability to change any of the settings to your liking. There are 25 characters to pick from and about 20 arenas to fight in. Other options include a 1-player mode that resembles the vertical scrolling style from past generations; a lottery to collect and view trophies; and finally, a few minigames to round out the package. Playing for several hours opens up different unlockables that can be aquired in several areas. This is a first class and polished game from Nintendo.
3	B00005Q8M0	Play as a number of different Nintendo characters such as Mario, Yoshi, and Link in a wide variety of places. Collect money to win trophies in a ''lottery''.  The graphics are stunningly crisp, vibrant and engaging. The game is entertainig enough on one player, but twice as much fun on muilty player mode! Only one warning, it's addictive!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is awesome, I'm always unlocking something. But there are 2 Characters who really should be in this game, Wario and Waluigi. There are the ice climbers, Marth and Mr.Game&Watch.; But Not Mario and Luigi's evil counterparts?Here's a Trick to Unlock Mewtwo. It takes 20 Hours of gameplay to unlock old 150. You'll need 4 controllers to pull this off. Go into VS. mode's custom rules and set them option to stock and the stock to 1. Now go into the item switch and turn off all the items. Exit and enter the Melee Mode. Start up a Vs. Match between 4 characters. And choose Yoshi's Island:Yoshi's Story because the stage doesn't change. Walk away,go to sleep, just let it run for 5 hours, Then have your other 3 players walk off the screen. Mewtwo will challenge you. Beat Mewtwo and it's selectable.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros Melee, the sequel to the hit Super Smash Bros for the Nintendo 64 is a much improved game. Super Smash Bros Melee includes all new, re-done graphics (everything right down to the moustache of Luigi and the fur on Fox's back), many new characters to fight with, and great worlds to battle in.There are 26 characters (including the hidden ones) from several different Nintendo games. Some of the characters include: Link, Zelda/Sheik, Young Link, and Gannondorf from Zelda. Mario and Luigi form the Mario games, Fox and Falco from Star Fox, Pikachu, Pichu, Samus, Jigglypuff and Mewtwo from Pok&egrave;mon, plus several more.The new worlds from a large variety of Nintendo games, including those form Zelda and Mario are also a great addition. The levels are perfectly done and updated from the N64 game. If you are playing single player there is a great Adventure mode which wasn't on the N64 title. All I can say is this amazing game is AWESOME!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is extremely good with multiplayer. But it is one of those unbeatable games with unlimited levels and trophies to collect. Overall a very good game to play with a friend or two
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee, arguably the best overall game for the G.C.N.  This is my favorite video game out right now, and I can't see any visible flaws in it's design.  Gameplay is exactly the same as the prequel for the N64 (Super Smash Bros.) except you can perform more different moves. There are 29 playable stages including the place where you fight Master Hand, and there are 25 total characters (Starter and Hidden) including the original 12 from the Prequel, (such as mario, Link, Fox McCloud etc. and even 2 that America hasn't even heard of yet.  You also collect these things called trophies, where you can learn about your character.  There are 290 of them, (but I only have 287 of them).  You'll have to play for a long time to get them all.  There are also two modes of playClassic Mode- Where you fight your way to Master HandAdventure Mode- Where you fight your way to BowserOnce you access every character, you'll unlock the All-Star mode (You fight every character with almost no recovery so it's basically a survival mode). you start out with the following 14 characters...MarioPikachuC. FalconLinkFox McCloudSamus AranBowserPrincess PeachDonkey KongKirbyNessPrincess Zelda/ShiekIce ClimbersYoshiAnd 11 Hidden Characters that I won't spoil... (E-Mail me if you want to find out)This game doesn't have a basic premise, but it is great for anyone who is s-m-r-t enough to get a GameCube. so I Give Super Smash Bros. Melee for the G.C.N., a 12 0ut of 10.Nintendo For Life...(!Look Out for my Reviews on the following Games)1)StarFox Adventures: Dinosaur Planet2)Star Wars Rogue Squadron 2: Rogue Leader3)Bloody Roar: Primal Fury4)SSX Tricky5)Simpsons Road Rage6)Luigi's Mansion7)Super Mario Sunshine8)Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is absolutely INCREDIBLE...It has great cartoony graphics, it's such a joy to play, it has all your favourite NIntendo characters (26!) and it is the most original fightning game out there. Who isn't tired of spiky haired Japanese fighters and women with excessive cleavage which only excites sad nerds. This game isnt like them at all, the fighting system and the characters are so perfect so it makes the rest look crap. "Magic" BUY ITBest GC game and beats any PS2 or Xbox game too
3	B00005Q8M0	What can I say? A multitude of characters from a variety of games. You start with Link,Samus,Captain Falcon,Fox,Kirby,Pickachu,Zelda\Shiek,Mario,Peach,Ice climbers,Ness,Yoshi,Bowser,and DK.You have to unlock Mewtwo, Young Link, Luigi, Marth, Roy,Dr.Mario,Gannondorf, Pichu,Jigglypuff, Falco, and Mr.Game and Watch. Stages include Infinite Glacier:Icicle Mountain,Mushroom Kingdom:Princess Peach's Castle, Mushroom Kingdom: Rainbow Cruise, DK Island:Kongo Jungle, DK Island:Jungle Japes,Termina:Great Bay,Hyrule:Temple, Yoshi's Island: Yoshi's Story, Yoshi's Island: Yoshi's Island, Dream Land:Fountain of Dreams,Dream Land:Green Greens,Lylat System:Corneria, Lylat System:Venom,Super Flat World:Flat Zone,Planet Zebes:Brinstar,Planet Zebes:Brinstar Depths,Eagleland:Onett,Eagleland:Fourside,F-Zero Grand Prix:Mute City, F-Zero Grand Prix:Big Blue,Kanto:Pokemon Stadium,Kanto Skies:Poke Floats,Mushroom:Kingdom,Mushroom:Kingdom 2,Special Stages:Battlefield,Special Stages:Final Destination,Past Stages:Dreamland,Past Stages:Yoshi's Island, and Past Stages:Kongo Jungle. There are a variety of modes including vs. mode. vs. mode can be broken down into 3 different modes. Melee- a standard battle with up to 4 people. Tournament melee- a tournament consisting of up to 64 competitors in a 1 on 1 battle. Special Melee- a variety of different melees with special twists such as tiny mode and super sudden death. Next is the very long and challenging event mode. There are 51 events which get harder as you go along.There are also Stadium matches. They are target test, a mode n which youn break ten targets with a character, Home run contest, a match in which you hit a sandbag as far as you can, and multiman melee, a contest in which you defeat many lightweight characters.Classic mode is a series of matches in order to obtain a characters classic trophy.Adventure mode is where you fight many obstacles to obtain a characters classic trophy. Allstar mode is where you defeat all 25 characters in order to obtain a characters allstar trophy. Another goal is to obtain the 290 trophies in the game.I hope this review causes you to buy this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is almost too good to be true.  You start out with 15 default characters and a nice varity of stages.  In one player you can play either classic(same style as the first smash bros)or adventure(a new twist) mode and over time earn another new mode.  As for secret characters there are almost as many to earn as the amount you start with.  These include well known characters like mewtwo, to less famous characters like Roy and Mr. Game&amp;Watch.  Nintendo couldn't have made this game more perfect.
3	B00005Q8M0	this game rocks!everybody will like this game. (even olpeople)  my brother even likes this game.(who is very pickey of video games likes it.Link and zelda rock!! I just love this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you're having some friends over, this game is the game of choice. The multiplayer is amazing and I believe this game to be better than brawl (the other game for wii). Not only is the multiplayer amazing but the single player is too. There are missions you have to complete as well as beat the game with all the characters!(and there are a lot of characters). I can say I've spent over 1000 hours playing this game, it was the game of my childhood.There is nothing wrong with this game. Best beat-em-up game I've played yet.The graphics may seem a bit meager but it only adds to the experience. If it was realistic I wouldn't want to play it. I even know adults that like the art style of the game.The music is amazing and some songs just make me want to play the game just to listen to it. It adds to the mood of the game and makes it even more enjoyable than it already is.Get this game, it's great.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is a great game. The first time I played this game was actually at "TOYS R US" and then I played it at my friends house. I liked it so much I begged my parents to get it for me and eventually they did!!! I play it all the time!!! I have all of the characters. I enjoy playing this game with my friends and kicking their butts!! I love this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is incredible with addictive multiplayer and single player modes. Lots of goodies to unlock will keep you coming back! Do yourself a favor and don't goto spoiler sites and find out the secrets -- discover them yourself!
3	B00005Q8M0	I've had this game for many years now.  The gameplay is great, and there's many characters to pick from.  The one player mode is a little short though, but the vs. mode is still fun.  Overall, this game is great.
3	B00005Q8M0	Especially because of all the new modes of play, the heaps of totally new stages, items, and characters.The graphics are totally stunning and it's really great fun collecting the 300 or so trophies.I only have a few problems with the game, one being that Jigglypuff is still in it and I hate him, and Gannondorf (secret character) is EXACTLY like captain falcon.  Other than that the new characters rock.The ultimate multiplayer game.
3	B00005Q8M0	When you have a franchise that has developed some of the most memorable and original characters of all time, you should have a game that takes advantage of them to the fullest... right? And what better way than to have them battle eachother for supremacy? That's this game in a nutshell, and it's one of the most superb games ever devised.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game has twenty four of the most famous nintedo charters in it.  With a total selection of 24 charters. In the game you go through adventure mode mode. If you want charters with strong single acts use Marth, Row, Samus, or Donkey whose some attack do 30% or more damage per Hit. There a bunch of new charters in this game. The worst playable characters is Pichu.  The best is Gandorf.  If you liked the original you'll love this.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is riding in with glory. With Super Smash Bros. as its ancestor, this game is one of the greatest of all time. With over 300 tropihies, 11 hidden characters, and many different modes, this game will not grow old fast.To begin, this game features all 10 of the character from the original Smash Bros. game, like Link, Mario, Fox, Kirby, Donkey Kong and Pikachu just to name a few. But it also features 15 new character, such as Bowser, Zelda/Shiek, Peach, ect. But you have to unlock 9 of the new characters.The Graphics and Sound are OUTSTANDING! These graphics could never be achieved on the PS2. The Sound is also awesome. It features well orchestrated versions of classic NINTENDO themes. A soundtrack CD for this game would be outstanding. And the Graphics; with a framerate of 60 FPS, this game won't leave any room open for bad graphics to even peep their little head into this game.The 1P game is much better than it was on the original game. Each time you play the Classic 1P game, it is always different. you NEVER battle the same order of characters twice in a row. The Adventure mode is alright, as you need to play it to get the SMASH trophies of your characters. But the order that you play Adventure mode in is ALWAYS the same. You also need to play the Adventure mode to get a hidden character.This game is best played as a multiplayer game though, which is  known best as Vs. Mode as well as the all new name: Melee mode. It always has been and always will be THE BEST way to play this game and its ancestor. With over 25 battle arenas, your game will never get old. You also need to play the multiplayer game to unlock a FEW of the characters. You can also play the Special Melee games for added Multiplayer enjoyment. Such games include: Invisible Melee, Giant Melee, Slo-Mo Melee, ect. One Melee  to check out though, which will really shows off the graphics quality is Camera Mode, in which player 4 is the controller of the Game camera. you can zoom in and out, rotate around the screen and see everything from a large collection of angles, all of which are camera user-specified.This game has a huge collection of trophies that can be bought, earned, found, and more; 300 trophies in all. Each one is from different NINTENDO games all of which are from the 12+ year history of NINTENDO.The Data Section of the game tracks everything, and with the internal clock and calender, every time you earn something special it saves it.But to save all this stuff you need a memory card. I suggest buying Memory 59, the oOficial NINTENDO Memory Card. The reason you should buy the official one is because, if any of your data gets damaged, it is GONE!!!Also, if you want to be able to play the ultimate Melee with your friends, you need to buy some more controllers. The Official NINTENDO controllers are the best, as they offer the best feel and durablity.Buy this game today. Also, make sure you buy some accessories for added enjoyment. Also, try to find a good GAME FAQS website for info on how to earn all that stuff. A stratagy guide also really helps.Have fun playing and ROCK ON.Jason
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is very cool.It has good graphics and you can play as alot of cool characters.Tip:Roy is very strong but not too fast if you are battling the Master Hand Showdown you can use Marth as a good option.
3	B00005Q8M0	Nintendo has done it again. The follow-up to Nintendo's crossover fighting game for the N64, Super Smash Bros. Melee for the Gamecube. Your favorite Nintendo characters are back. Mario, Pikachu, Link, Kirby, Donkey Kong, Yoshi, Fox McCloud, and Samus Aran return, with newcomers like Princess Toadstool (a.k.a. Peach), Bowser, Princess Zelda, etc. Captain Falcon and Ness also return, but are unlocked by default unlike the original and Brawl. Luigi and Jigglypuff are still unlockable along with Falco Lombardi, Ganondorf, Young Link, Marth, Mewtwo, and Mr. Game and Watch. The gameplay remained intact, but it is more fun. The single player mode improved, with more variety. There are more weapons as well. The bumper was removed, however. It still has the bob-ombs, baseball bats, fans, food, and Pokeballs with new Pokemon up to the Gold and Silver generation. The multi-player mode is still a satisfying experience. It features new modes like sudden death, fast, slow, etc. It also has a bunch of trophies to collect. You can use coins at the lottery or you can find some in the Adventure mode. It is challenging for anyone willing to get this game. This entry in the Super Smash Bros. line would probably be my favorite. Brawl was probably a little bit behind, though. If you have a Gamecube or Wii, please pick this game up. It won't dissapoint.
3	B00005Q8M0	SSBM was the 2nd GC game that i bought.  Half the time playin the game i spent looking at how detailed the chaachters are and watching them dodging a shot or falling off an edge, all still so you can see the detail that has been put in.  There are so many trophies.  This is the longest game i have ever played and with the most replay value.  The first time you play you are overwhelmed by all the charachters and spots for secret charachters waiting to be unlocked.  Then much later in the game you find out that there are even more secret charachters.  the only bad thing is that the people dont have opening sequeces anymore like in the original.  I loved the original but cherish this one.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers for 64 took the nintendo world by storm, this amazing game provided me with hours upon hours of fun, my friends used to line up to play this game! About 15 of us would be crammed into a room, fighting over whos turn it was(good thing I had 4 controlers), so we were kinda having our own super smash fight over who turn it was. We thought no game would ever top this one, but then there was Power Stone 2 for Dream Cast, oh that game kicks smash brothers butt! And now coming to plow Power stone 2 out of my video game favorite spot is Super Smash Brothers Melee, and now here's my review of SSBM. If you have noticed or not, this is my second review of this game, in my other review I mainly told about all the characters and where they originated from and didn't tell much about anything else in the game, in this review I'll tell about the modes of play and other stuff, so if you wish to hear about the characters then find my other review titled &quot;Smash Brothers Smashes all competition in its path&quot;. 1-player modes: Classic Mode: this is just like 1-player in the original, you fight melees, team melees, and giant melees plus others, your goal is winning and getting to master hand and defeating him, but in normal mode and higher, after master hand is half way dead then crazy hand joins the fight, crazy hand has completly different moves and some master and crazy do together. There is also adventure mode in which you go through areas and fight new and old enemies(some from games like Lengend of Zelda:Orcina of Time.), and you kinda go along with a story too.  Event mode: pick a character and pick an event(51 total) and play, an event battle has special settings on it like Hide&quot;n&quot;Sheik you have to defeat Zelda, but she only loses stock when she's in Sheik form, and bomb feet event, where many bombs appear at a very high rate and you must defeat your opponent. Multi-player modes: 64-Player Tournament: Yes that's right gather up 64 of your friends and prepare to have fun! 4 People or computers or both fight at once, then the winner goes on and fights the three winners from other rounds, then the winner of the top half faces the winner of the bottom half in a 1-on-1 match. Normal Versus: Fight up to three of your friends in free-for-all or team battles, choose who to fight with from 25 characters(this 25 includes all secret characters too).  Over 25 levels to duke it out on. There are many special modes of Versus to play also, like giant melee where your all slower, stronger, and alot bigger too: Tiny Melee well your characters are tiny, Vitality Melee, you have HP like Master Hand instead of Percent, so you die if you reach 0. There's also a mode where player 4 controls the camera while the others fight which makes a fun but frustrating battle, there's fast and slow motion melees too. 1-player modes I forgot to mention are break the targets, board the platforms, 10-man melee, 100-man melee, endless melee, cruel melee which is extremely hard. This game is the best game ever for any system. I haven't even with all that text told you about everything you can do in melee like collect over 275 trophies. Read my other reviews by clicking on more about me by my name.Super Smash Brothers Melee Evaluation:Fun Factor: 100/100GamePlay: 100/100Replay Value: 95/100Sound: 95/100Graphics: 100/100Variety: 100/100OverAll:98/100MUST BUY GAME THIS ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Read my other Smash Bros. Melee review to find out more about the game and mainly the characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	Don't be stupid and own a GameCubeGamecube Console Platinumbut not this.  Then, go get yourself the old Smash BrosSuper Smash Bros. if you can and the new one 'Brawl'Super Smash Bros. Brawlwhen it comes out for WiiNintendo Wii.This game is not very entertaining with its main 3 one-player story modes.  The 51 task-oriented challenges for 1-player rock.  The multiman melee, the multiplayer, the homerun contest, and the special melee rule.  The tournament mode is stupid, unless you do a tournament with it--I don't mean to be redundant but that is the only way to put it (they needed to add elements to the game as extra options in tournament--like different tournament trophies, records, stages, and AI enemies that are NOT playable and nearly impossible to beat).Characters and multiplayer play rule.  CHOOSE YOSHIYoshi Touch and Go--all the advantages of all 3 weights of characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is one of the best games i have ever played. The amazing detail in the characters is obvious, but the backgrounds need work. (which is why i gave it 4 stars) And the replay value is unsurpassed, with 300 trophies featuring rare games from japan and nostalgic trophies from old famous NES and SNES characters/places/weapons/etc. The secret characters could have been better, I cant believe how much Luigi stinks at fighting, and the rest are just copies of the regular characters. This game needs a bit more variety. Nevertheless, still a classic and a must-have in my book.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is SO much better than the first one. There are tons of characters, the graphics are superior, and it stays challenging and fun. You can even have up to 4 human players (which is extremely fun!) There is an enormous variety of characters, from originals like Mario and Luigi, to super-secret characters like Sonic and Tails! There are so many things you can get, this game stays challenging and fun for more time than any other game I've experienced. If you have Game Cube, you must get this fantastic game.
3	B00005Q8M0	I love this game because it's 5x the fun as Super Smash Bros.!!!I've played this game like 121 times! On my first try I really got the hang of it! This really wasn't much help but I hope you enjoy the game!P.S.SUPER SMASH BROS. MELEE ROCKS!!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is awesome! You have to buy / play it. Now why should you listen to me? Well, unlike every other review, I've actually played the game, and currently own a GameCube. I played the game at one of those GCN conventions they held across America early in November. And let me just say this: It handles excelently. Graphics are amazing. Lots of new character, new levels- all of which you can interact with- and a very engaging single player campaign. If you liked the original, you'll LOVE this one. I didn't want to give up the controller.
3	B00005Q8M0	Excellent game. Its definetly worth the  buy. Its one of the 4 best on gamecube along with Metroid Prime, Timesplitters 2, and Rogue squadron.Graphics 9/10 Very well done, with explosions and cool effects.Good character designs, with cool combat pictures.Gameplay 10/10 This is the best game for gameplay. Its action packed, nonstop fun. With tons of moves and combos for each character. Each move is done with style.Great multipayer with tons of levels to unlock and characters. there is also many options like special melees, or event modes.It takes skill to really master this game.Sound 8/10 well done, good orchestrated music. Good sound effects, explosions, lasers, punching etc.Value 10/10 DEFINTELY worth the value. It never gets old,good ol' fighting styles. You can play this game for hours, and you won't get bored at all. I have owned this game for 3 years already, and I'm not bored yet at all.Overall 9.5/10 Very excellent game, worth the buy. THis game can beat out any other gaming console's games. One of the best titles ever.Buy it. You'll nver regret it.
3	B00005Q8M0	Wow this game is really addictive and fun if you play the standard melees and not the special ones. The special melees are a waste of time.All you ever want to do is play against 3 other charecters and not stooping to the level of a tiny melee or especially the invisible one.You should only play the standard cause it has the best gameplay.I recommend you play against 3 CPUS because you can choose the difficulty level of the computer characters. Its a blast to see the Nintendo characters beat each other up especially if youre playing as Donkey Kong against 3 Pokemon characters. The standard rocks.
3	B00005Q8M0	long replay value the side quests are very intense you will spend months playing this game to unlock characters and areas  to beat everything in this game it could take years
3	B00005Q8M0	I love this game!!! It is currently one of the best games on Nintendo Gamecube. Although it is a lot like its N64 predecessor "Super Smash Bros.", it has a lot of new levels and a WHOLE lot of new hidden and default characters. There is also the brand-new Adventure Mode, where you go through Mario-like mini-levels. During the courses in Adventure Mode, you occasionally reach an area where you have to fight someone. It's pretty cool. There are also some new items. Check out the 100-man Melee for a challenge! Try it out if you're a fan of Super Smash Bros., or even if you're just looking for an entertaining game.
3	B00005Q8M0	If someone can tell me how this game is not worth buying, I'd throw my GameCube out the window.  Got it?  Okay, good.  Because this game rules.  This is probably my favorite game of all time.  It even beats out Halo (Xbox), Mario Sunshine (GameCube) and many other amazing games.  Please buy this game, if you enjoy playing a game that has one of these all-stars.  Or buy it if you enjoy playing video-games in general.  You won't regret it.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is another game I picked up when I got my gamecube. I've had this game for about 3 months and it's awesome. It does get difficult at times but overall it's one of the best other than Super Mario Sunshine. The 1 player mode is great to unlock all the other chracters,and get trophies. The 2 player mode is really great. When you have 2 or 4 players it's so much better. Me and my friends play the 2 player mode (melee, and the tournements). The best thing I like about it is if you have a really bad day, come home and put this game in. This game is for teens and adults. I don't play this game around my 4 year old nephew because it is violent but it's a great challenge and very fun. I do wish Luigi was in it in the beginning and don't have to wait to unlock him, thats the part I don't like. Get a few friends together and have a Blast!!!!!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	I love this game. I play with all my friends and it is super competitive. I enjoy this game very much. I recommend this to anyone looking to play a super fun gamecube game
3	B00005Q8M0	this is a good game but its alittle kiddy its worth the 50 bucks but it gets kind of old if u want fun and u love the nintendo charators buy this game!!
3	B00005Q8M0	If you have somehow fallen asleep in the past few years in the video game department, let me fill you in. Super Smash Bros. was made to settle that age old argument of &quot;I think Link can beat the crud out of Mario&quot; &quot;Nuhuh&quot; &quot;Yahhuh&quot; This sequel to the original puts Nintendos trademark characters on the battle arena ready to duke it out. Special weapons, powerups and the occasional arena based obstruction will either help or hinder your quest at Smashdom. Special tournament mode will help  you work out matches to have a tournament with your friends. It's pick up and play multiplayer appeal makes it excellent for parties. In Melee, graphics have been greatly improved and many more secrets and extra characters have been added. My advice: An absolute necesssity for the gamecube
3	B00005Q8M0	I got this game with my first GC for my 13th birthday. Super Smash Bros Melee is the full title, but for the purposes of typing, I'm going to sum it down to SSBM.The good points of this game include its characters, stages, and items. Character wise, you get a nice selection. There's Mario, Donkey Kong, Link and Zelda, Princess Peach, Yoshi, Kirby, Samus, and several others. You can unlock other characters like Marth and Roy from Fire Emblem, Ganondorf from the Legend of Zelda, Luigi and Dr. Mario, and three pokemon.Almost every character has their own stage; Peach has her castle, the pokemon have their stadium, Link and Zelda have Hyrule Castle and Termina. Of course, you can unlock stages, like Poke Floats, Brinstar Depths, and Big Blue.Random items fall from the sky at random times. Laser swords, poke balls, flower sticks, boxes, barrels, invisible disks, bob-ombs, and tons of other stuff. If you keep the items option off though, it makes fighting a lot easier because you don't get all that junk in the way.You can also change the type of fight, i.e, you can be tiny or giant, fast or slow, or K.O people in one hit. There's a single player mode where you run through enemy infested stages trying to reach the end, where you eventually fight the boss: a giant white glove. You also earn coins for fighting, and with those you can buy trophies of just about everything Nintendo related. The more coins you put in, the better the trophy.I became very bored with this game after unlocking all the characters and getting every trophy, so I took it to Game Stop and traded it in for Mortal Kombat. SSBM is great for kids 10 and under who love Nintendo. There's no blood or gore, and controls are very simple.
3	B00005Q8M0	I definitely think that it would be unfair to give this masterpiece anything but five stars. The amount of options and replayability is just amazing.First, I'll start with the downfalls, which should be quick.-The music in some arenas (Ness) is annoying.-The Z button is very inconvienient for throwing.-The tournament mode does not have enough options (double-elimination would have been nice).Everything else in this game is WAY above par. The graphics are above-average and very fluid. The stages, characters, game modes, items, and bonus games are abundant. The control for this game, with the exception of the Z button, is extremely great. Once you get used to the control scheme, it becomes very easy to control. The addition of the mid-air dodge adds quite a bit to gameplay as well.The bonus games could practically be a game in themselves. The homerun competition is quite fun, and I also enjoy getting fast times for the bonus target game. The multi-man melee also adds a challenge as well as longevity to the single-player experience. However, the event mode is the cherry on the top of this excellent game. The event mode offers abundant challenges, and also gives the player a chance to unlock new secrets.All in all, I am suprised anyone would give this game less than five stars. The game improves a large amount over the previous Smash Brothers, and offers a slew of new additions and game experiences. A reccommended buy for any gamer.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros., originally for Nintendo 64 was a great game ... but compared to this, it is and has nothing.  This newer, updated version has everything, including more characters, more stages, more weapons ... that means, more fun.  The best characters are Link, Roy and Donkey Kong.  The best multiplayer game!  You can fight each other or fight on the same team, beat the heck out of the worthless computers or have a real challenge by trying to beat Adventure Mode without dying or retaining health by the three hearts ON VERY HARD mode.  This game is semi easy to beat but if you really want to BEAT it...you have to beat it on VERY HARD, every mode.An excellent buy and a timeless game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Another Mario Game that is entertaining and fun for lots of people and great for parties. Nothing that I haven't said before.
3	B00005Q8M0	I was a little skeptical when I first got this game for Christams, but I was soon to find out that the little GC disc was one of the funnest multiplayer games ever. I had just 1 controller at first so i spent all my time geting all the secrets, and it was quite enjoyable. I actually had something to look forward to by beating geting all the charecters too. I soon bought 3 more controllers I had the best time of my life at my friends house on his 62&quot; screen (im too ghetto with my 13&quot;) and we stayed up all night playing it and racking up hours. Definantly one of the best times i had ever spent with my friends and i suggest if you have friends, get this game, and if you dont have a gamecube get one!
3	B00005Q8M0	GAMEPLAY 10:Great, rock-solid gameplay. All my friends that have played it agree with me. A must-buy if you own the GC. You choose from one of 25 characeters (about half of which you need to unlock including Mario, Luigi, Peach, Fox, Link, Kirby, Mewtwo, and Samus) then battle in over 20 different stages (you need to unlock some of them also). The single player modes are Classic (same as SSB on the N64), Adventure (much like the old mario sidescrollers with the boss fights against the main characters), and there is also a home-run bat mode where you hit a sandbag as far as you can after doing damage to it for five seconds. There are several multiplayer modes also. Of course multiplayer is the core of this game. These modes include, Stock, Timer, and Coin battles (you knock the coins right out of your enemy and whoever collects the most wins). Great selection makes this game so fun.GRAPHICS 7:The characters have some small details added to them such as mario's overall pockets but not much more. The characters look fine though. Most of the stages look great too but some look terrible.SOUND 9:The music has changed from the bad music in SSB to the old classics of the characters original games. This is a great change.CONTROL 10:All the characters control smoothly and all their moves are easy to do. You shouldn't have any problems here.REPLAY VALUE 10:You will spend tons of time getting all the secret characters and stages. There are also 300 trophies to collect. You can get them by playing almost any of the game modes and earning coins which you can use in a lottery for these trophies. The tokens of Nintendo characters from every single game they ever made. You name it I'm sure they have it. They have everyting from Mario to Duck Hunt.
3	B00005Q8M0	Tony Hawk is the best. This game is incredible. I got it 2 days after christmas and it is also hard to put down. It has everything to keep you going: adventure, classic, and all star mode. It has versus mode, 2 player mode, even matches, and their is even a game on the credits. I have every character and every trophy so i guess i beat it, but i havent cause of the even matches. Get this game...trust me, youll love it.
3	B00005Q8M0	The GameCube has some great titles that can keep you occupied for weeks on end. Super Smash Brothers Melee is definitely one of these. It's fun for the whole family!In essence, the game is the same as the Nintendo 64 game Super Smash Brothers. This game was brilliant - for the first time you could see all of your N64 characters - Zelda, Link, Pikachu, Kirby, etc. - in one game, interacting with each other. There were random powerups from all of the games, and the levels and soundtracks were perfect. It was really amazing to see Yoshi up against Zelda in a StarFox background with the music.Super Smash Brothers Melee upgrades the game for the GameCube, adding new characters, new modes, new graphics and sound. Once again you have a variety of ways to play. You can do an &quot;adventure mode&quot; which really just means you play through a series of levels to an &quot;ending boss battle&quot; to win. There are many player-vs-player battles too, with up to 3 opponents.It's not a full fledged fighting game. There aren't multitudes of move combinations to work out. But it IS great fun anyway! The moves they do are all imaginative and fun. The powerups you find are also quite inventive. There are trophies and special characters and levels to earn as you play more and more, giving you incentive to keep playing. You gotta unlock them all!It's not really a thinking game. There aren't any great puzzles to figure out, no characters to develop, no long quests to go on. But many times, you don't want that in a game. Like Tetris and Bejewelled, you just want to kick back, relax, and have some mindless fun. SSBM provides that in great abundance!A great game for any GameCube owner!
3	B00005Q8M0	Everything came intact and in good condition. Game worked just fine with my only problem being that the loading times took a little longer than I expected.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros. Melee is a reincarnation of the best selling n64 fighter Super Smash Bros.  Now the game is returning to keep you up for countless hours with your friends again on the Nintendo GameCube. There are over 22+ Nintendo mascot fighters ranging from Mario to Bowser to the Game and Watch Guy. There are also over 24+ arenas to fight at. Including but not limited to, The Classic Mario Bros. Level, Pokemon arena, Yoshi's Island, BOwser's castle, and man, many others. The gameplay is improved as well. There is now more of a block presence there, as apposed to the old take the hit and grin from the n64 version. Plus each fighter has at least one new move or combo, plus improved old ones. A new mode which is really neat is the Trophy mode, where you earn points to buy highly detailed trophies, along with extensive background info on each one. Control wise SSB:M is a little complicated at first. I found myself having to make a few ajustments to get comfotable. It may take a while, the diffrent location of the Z Buttom will prove odd for players of the n64 version. But in all the control scheme is ok. Graphicly, SSB:M is very detailed. Plus everything is now 3d, unlike the 2d sprites used in the n64 version for explosions, items, ect. All in all Super Smash Bros. Melee is a pretty fair GameCube game, it's best feature has to be it's fun. It should practicly be a requirment that you have friends to play it with. It's some real fun!
3	B00005Q8M0	SSBM has got to be one of the biggest, most addictive, most INCREDIBLE games Nintendo has made in years. The graphics are GORGEOUS, and the music sounds like it was recorded live by an orchestra. Hours of gameplay are off the charts, given the time it takes to track down all 200-something trophies, and the wonderful customizability of the one-to-four player battle modes, unlocking all 11 challenging hidden characters, all the hidden levels, and beating all three single-player modes with ALL 25 CHARACTERS. Nintendo has taken the mediocre Super Smash Brothers from the N64 and created a true masterpiece of a sequel. I see many years of long, happy life for this system in the future.
3	B00005Q8M0	Well, i have to say this is the must have GCN to have. (aside from luigi)but.................................................................................IT NEEDS EVEN MORE CHARACTERS!!!! like:poo(earthbound),mallow(mario rpg),person from harvest moon(???)(harvest moon),doshin(doshin the giant),conker(conkers bad fur day)monkey in a monkey ball(super monkey ball),and last but not least sonic the hedgehog(sonic the hedgehog),diddy kong,(donkey kong country)spaceman(pikmin)paper mario(paper mario).............. plus they shold add a few new levels like: saturn valley,wave race coarse,paper mario land,and on top of a giant moving (wait for it..)MONKEY BALL!.......overall good but needs more
3	B00005Q8M0	I glad the people who reviewed this game are smart, because this game rules. Awesome characters, levels, and items. Pimpin' multiplayer mode. And heck the one player mode isn't that bad either.
3	B00005Q8M0	I had many reasons to buy a Nintendo Gamecube (state-of-the-art graphics, lightweight, doesn't use too much electricity, etc.) but by far the best reason was to get Super Smash Bros. Melee. This game is the sequel to the Nintendo 64's excellent Super Smash Bros. (which from here on I will refer to as "SSB"), and I had been waiting and waiting and waiting for a sequel until FINALLY one came out--on a different console. (Don't you hate it when that happens???)The gameplay is very similar to that of the original--try to knock your opponents around, then defeat them by sending them flying off the stage. The new feature that you'll notice first is the wide variety of characters. There are 25 characters--nearly half of which are secret--ranging from the floaty Princess Peach, to the ox-like Bowser, to the transforming Zelda/Sheik, to the Japan-only game Fire Emblem's heroes Marth and Roy, to even the quirky 2-D Mr. Game & Watch! Plus all your favorite characters from SSB (Mario, Kirby, Ness, Link, etc.) are ready for action again--though you'll have to unlock a few of them.There are also a great deal of maps, including three from SSB. It would be kind of redundant to list all of them, but my favorites are Fourside (where you fight on top of a city's skyscrapers), Big Blue (where you fight on speeding race cars and try not to fall on the track below), and Poke Floats (where you fight on top of drifting Pokemon blimps). This is also where the Gamecube's top-of-the-line graphics stand out; the backgrounds are so detailed and the animation so fluid that you'll swear you're watching a live-action movie. (The Hyrule Temple and Final Destination are miracles!)There are also many new items to use: from Warp Stars to Super Scopes to good old-fashioned FOOD! The old items from SSB are also back, but some have new features (I HATE IT WHEN I GET A HEADLESS HAMMER).I could go on all day! There are so many new features to this game that make it a blast to play even when your friends aren't around! These include the one player Event Match (a series of 51 progressively difficult 1-player matches--#51 is not impossible but INSANELY HARD), the trophies (try collecting all 293), and the Multi-Man Melee mode (can you stay alive for 15 minutes with one life and no recovery items?) And there are also lots of new versus modes too, including many versions of regular matches (Invisible Melee, Slo-mo Melee, Fixed Camera Mode, etc.), as well as the Camera Mode. This ingenious mode allows two or more players to take on-screen snapshots of the action from ANY angle. (This feature also makes it possible to photograph the female characters in...ahem...somewhat suggestive fighting poses, which is the sole reason why the game received a "Teen" rating from the ESRB.)One of the other improvments which I feel that I am the only one to spot is that the AI is vastly improved over that of SSB. One example: NPC's in SSB often picked up items and threw them down on the ground OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN--even if they were set on level '9' difficulty (hardest). I would say that a level '9' NPC in SSB is about as challenging as a level '6' NPC in Melee. (However, this is not to say that Melee's AI is perfect--I once beat Event #48 in 18 seconds because an NPC came lunging at my character with a powerful attack, only to miss and fall into oblivion. But this only happened once.)And, last but not least, we have the credits. Even the credits are lot of fun; they take you into a Star Fox-like zoom through space in which you can fire lasers at the credits to read more about them. Very cool.Bottom Line: This is a wonderful game, and if you don't already own a 128-bit or higher gaming system, then this game is well more than reason enough to run out and buy a Gamecube right now! I just hope the next Super Smash Bros. sequel is coming in less than three years from now.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is a real classic the first time I got this game was when I saw this at a used store called "Purple Monkey" which sold used music soundtracks, movies, and video games. I saw this game one day and I wanted it. However at the time the case was in bad condition but it had the advertising cover art, the disc was not clean but still worked on my system and on top of that the manual and safety precautions booklet was missing. So a few years after I bought it, I later on  found it at a local store where I live called "O-Nett-Gaming Company" the owner is someone who I know and goes to my local church. So anyway again I saw it, only this one I found was in great condition the box was perfect had the Advertising cover art, a manual and the precautions booklet, the disc was scratched but the place I bought it from had a disc cleaning service which if you buy a game that is disc format and it shows signs of any scratches or doesn't work on a console then one can have the disc cleaned. So I did and the game works great and more importantly I have a manual with this game. I love this game and this game is fun for everyone. Though parents should be advised this game does have a T for Teen rating. But if the whole family is involved so that parents watch their kids while they play this game then there should be no worries. I personally never saw any blood in the game, but then again this game is violent. So that does make sense. As far as what I paid for this game, I think I paid originally the first time $8.00 maybe less then that but it was a long time ago. The second time around, the game I saw on the shelf was originally $10.00 since the one I saw at O-Nett was in great condition in comparison to the previous one I originally bought. So the owner made me an offer I could not refuse he offered $3.00 and I took it. I would pay that price all day long for this game and any other popular title on the Gamecube. I highly reccomend this game used since the price is way cheaper. Compared to if you were to buy new.
3	B00005Q8M0	Seeing all your favorite characters face off in one game is a riot. Everyone chooses their favorite and you just watch them go. The game takes a lot of skill. Unlocking characters is very fun to do. It can be very challenging so you won't finish the game in a day. I love this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	In 1999, a game revelitionized the multiplayer game industry and that game was...Super Smash Brothers! The long-awaited sequel came at a huge surprise at Spaceworld last year which was the debut of Gamecube. SSMB has awe-inspiring graphichs and a more detailed one player mode. One player mode now has mini-games based on where the battle takes place. For example,after you defeat Samus you have to escape the planet fast or you're rubble! Boasting over 10 new players, SSMB is the jewel of the Gamecube. Xbox will have to do amazing games to catch up with Gamecube and PS2!
3	B00005Q8M0	THE GAMEPLAY: ITS AMAZING!! YOU CAN SEE ALL THE HAIRS ON MARIOS MUSTACE AND ALL THE HAIRS ON EACH FIGHTERS HEAD. THERE IS LOT AND LOTS OF EXPLOSIONS. YOU CAN SEE THE FIRE FROM THE EXPLOSIONS TO AND THE FIGHTERS GETTING THROWN AROUND!!!!!THE GRAPHICS: THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING!!! THERE ARE NICE AND IT LOOKS VERY REAL. OTHER STUFF ABOUT THE GAME: THERE IS TONS AND TONS OF FIGHTERS. AND THERE IS A LOT OF FIGHTERS TO UNLOCK. YOU CAN ALSO GET TROTHYS IN THE GAME. FIGHTERS TRORPHYS YOU GET FROM BEATING CLASSIC MODE AND STORY MODE AND FROM BEATING ARENA MODES. YOU CAN ALSO GET THEM  FROM BEATING A HIDDEN MODE TO AND FROM BEATING OTHER MODES. THE OTHER WAY YOU CAN GET THEM FROM EARNING COINS BY BEATING MODES IN THE GAME AND THEN YOU USE THE MONEY TO GO TO A SLOT MACHINE AND BUY TROPHYS IN THE SLOT MACHINE. AND THERE ARE TONS OF TROPHYS TO UNLOCK. ITS A FUN GAME YOU SHOULD BUY IT.
3	B00005Q8M0	When I first got my Game Cube I got 4 games with it. First I played Lugi's masion the I played Metroid prime. After that I played Staw wars rouge sqaud and the I played this game! Super Smash brothers mele is a great and there are tons of charecters. THis game is also one of the best games I have ever played!
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers is back. The hit from the N64 was one of the first games released on the Gamecube with Melee and like very few games, it's better than the first.Smash Brothers is such a fun game with a great idea. You get to pit your favorite Nintendo characters against each other. You start off with 14 in this game and can unlock another 11. Single player mode isn't all that exciting and gets old pretty fast. You can change the difficulty setting for harder gameplay. Adventure mode gets old as well, buts fun the first couple of times you play it.Where the game really gets fun is in the multiplayer stuff. I could fight my friends all day. This is one of the best multiplayer games ever made. The different scenarios you guys can battle in are fun, and you can customize. Multiplayer is the reason to get this game, and now that is a collectors choice you can pick it up for $20.You can't have a complete Gamecube collection without this game. It's one of the best all-time sellers on the system and it's easy to see why. Don't miss out on this one.
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers Melee, the follow-up to the N64's high popular Super Smash Brothers, is, without a doubt, a huge leap forward in all aspects to its predecessor.  Not only are the graphics completly redone and are beautiful (see for example everything from Mario's overalls to Fox's fur to see what I mean), the gameplay, replay, sound, music, etc., are all top-of-the-line style.  The number of characters (26 if you include the hidden ones as well) are amazing, and include everyone from Nintendo's most popular games from the original Nintendo to the N64, and even one or two characters that have yet to appear in another game.  Personally, coming from sort of a back-story, my favorite characters are those from the Zelda series, with the Mario characters close behind.  I love the fact that you can play not only as Link, but also Zelda/Sheik(her character from LOZOOT), Young Link, and Gannondorf.  Other characters include Fox and Falco from Star Fox, Samus, Picachu, Pichu, Jigglypuff, and Mewtwo from Pok&egrave;mon, etc.  The worlds are also amazing from a number of Nintendo games.  Again my favorite levels are those dealing with the Zelda and Mario games, including the Hyrule Temple, Termina, Peach's Castle, etc., and the levels themselves have been beautifully done, and in some cases, retouched from the past.  For single players, there is the advantage of the Adventure Mode, which wasn't on the N64 version.  With levels that are 2 1/2 mode (like Yoshi's Story for the N64), they are also beautifully done, like the Hyrule level, the Mushroom Kingdom level, etc.  What else can I say about this amazing game, except that it rocks!
3	B00005Q8M0	This is probably one of the best games there is. I got so far the first time I played it and had all the characters, but for some reason it erased. I have got almost all of that back exept for Mr. Game And Watch which you get for beating classic mode with all characters (including secret characters) and ive got somewhere around 115 trophys (Last time I had around 150).I didnt get to much and stuff because I didnt play it a whole bunch. This game never gets old and is very fun.
3	B00005Q8M0	Frankly, one of the best (and most addictive) video games I've ever played.If you don't know (or didn't play the first Super Smash Brothers on the N64), this is a fast-paced cartoonish fighting game where you can control (and beat up) characters from Nintendo's other games (such as Mario and Luigi, Link and Zelda, Kirby, Pikachu, Samus Aran, and lesser-known ones like the Ice Climbers).  Its cute looks and deceptively simple controls (punch/kick, special move, jump, and block/throw) hide a surprisingly complex fighting game that will please players of any skill level.  It's probably too confusing and fast-paced for little kids, but I'd heartily recommend it for anyone above the age of 10 or so.There are three vastly improved single-player modes: straight fighting (much like the single-player from the first game), an "adventure" mode where you fight your way through various levels, and a series of fifty challenging "event" matches to test your skills.  There's also an endurance mode (fight up to 100 opponents in a row) and a highly entertaining home-run contest.Of course, the game is at its best with a group of people -- it supports up to 4 players duking it out at once, which is an absolute blast.  You can also play on teams, and include computer-controlled fighters of various difficulty levels.  There are dozens of characters and stages to fight on, and almost every aspect of combat can be adjusted (such as how much damage your characters do, how fast the game runs, and which items will appear during the battles).It can take some time to unlock all of the game's hidden characters and levels, and beating the single-player mode without continuing (to get to the "real" boss) is *tough* on the higher difficulty settings.  Its real replay value, though, is definitely in the multi-player mode.  If you don't have 4 controllers and 3 friends, you might think twice about this, but otherwise, you can't go wrong.Besides, you can whack annoying Pokemon upside the head with a baseball bat.  And really, isn't that the whole point?  ;)
3	B00005Q8M0	This is the one great game it has a bunch of new stuff such as trophies, new characters, game modes, and other stuff. All the characters areDonkey KongMarioZeldaSheikPeachLuigiLinkYoung LinkIce ClimbersDr.MarioBowserCaptain FalconGanadorfYoshiKirbyMewtwoPikachuPichuJiggilypuffMarthRoyNessFoxFalcoSamusand Mr.Game&Watch;Damn that's a lot of characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is great!  If you liked the first Super Smash Bros.you'll love this 3 times more.  It includes new characters like Bowser.  The graphics for this are fantastic!
3	B00005Q8M0	I remember the day the Game Cube came out, I was working at TRU, and everyone was asking for this game! Of course it didn't come out at launch... that would have been too easy! This was the main game to get when the system launched back in November/December 2001. This game is a fighter at its core, but it's more humorous then bloody. You fight as many of the Nintendo key characters such as Link, Mario, Zelda, Pikachu etc, against each other. There are some well known names in this group, and there are some vague characters. This is an excellent multiplayer game, but it is good as a single as well. Personally, I don't think it deserves the Teen rating it got. The first one on the N64 was rated Everyone, and I feel it should have received that as well. Yes there's violence in it, but compare it to something like Soul Calibur (great game, just more graphic), and you'll see Smash Bros is much better. With all the different characters you can be, this is a definite must have for the Cube. And at the lower price point, it's a value. A+!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is epic; simple, yet really challenging. It's easy to learn, and REALLY fun if you have friends or family over a lot. Just make sure that you back your memory up, since my card bugged, and ALL 100% completion of my SSBM memory was lost.
3	B00005Q8M0	Mabye i never played it before,but it just looks great!The new charecters(bowser,princess peach,snow kids and princess zelda in a freaky costume)also all the others!And in melee,when you throw a pokeball you can get one of the neo pokemon!cool,huh?thats why i give it 5 stars!
3	B00005Q8M0	im going to keep this short since there is nothing else to say that has not been said about it already.  its a fun game that will keep you entertained for a long time.  if you like this style of game get it.
3	B00005Q8M0	It arguably is so amazing how people really dig those one vs. one fighting games. Arguably, they've remained just as controversial and as much fun since back in the late 80's. Arguably for Nintendo they adequately did find a way to cash in on the fun with a one vs. one combat game for the N64 called Super Smash Brothers. Arguably, the game was fair but easily boring for one player, where if you were playing with somebody else, it would increase in the game of life. Well, Nintendo had to really consider improving the game to make it better for the Gamecube back in 2001. Well, they did and it is fiercer than ever.Super Smash Brothers Melee for the Nintendo Gamecube is a unique one vs. one combat game that like before, putting regulars and favorites from Nintendo past and present against each other in a battle of the best with returning favorites like Mario, Link from The Legend Of Zelda, and Kirby to name a few. The game also adds a little more fire with additions like the vile Bowser, the sweet and cute Yoshi, Metroid, and Peach just to name a few. The game does thrill a little more with more arenas and zones like Mute City from the F-Zero franchise, the innocent woods from Kirby's Dream Land, and others just to tell a bit. The games graphics are delightful, and it is easy to manuever. Still, it does take awhile for some of the more advanced moves to get used to, but they are simple to fight with.While many fighting games have come and gone for other systems, Nintendo has remained constant for the Gamecube with the Super Smash Brothers Melee. This has been a pure delight for Gamecube owners, and is sure to be a must have for anybody who loves combat games. If you don't have a Gamecube and want this game, go out and purchase the recent Nintendo Gamecube bundle pack which has Super Smash Brothers Melee.Graphics: B+Sound: B 1/2+Control: B 1/2+Fun & Enjoyment: BPrice: B+Overall: B
3	B00005Q8M0	The first Smash Bros. game was a blindside of superb multiplayer gaming on the N64.  A terrific concept (group together tons of classic characters from famous Nintendo franchises) coupled with outrageous yet deeply strategic fighting gameplay made for a wonderful experience in the N64's heyday.  The &quot;king of the mountain&quot; style gameplay truly revolutionized what all fighting games are normally about- it actually managed to make the genre fresh and invigorated.  Now, on the Gamecube and improved in just about every way, it manages to do the same.The basics, for those unfamiliar, are that up to four players pick their character from a bevy of classic Nintendo games and fight it out in huge stages, trying to KO other players by knocking them out of the arena, in any direction.  Simple, and yet the premise is stretched to its limits, with a number of different modes (Giant players, miniature players, coin battles, team battles, slo mo battles, fast battles, etc etc etc), a host of challenges for single players to overcome, and graphics and animations as smooth as butter.  The assortment of characters are all balanced quite fairly, and barring Mr. Game and Watch, all of them are capable in their own right.  Weapons also come into play, such as Poke Balls, bats, lightsabers, guns, turtle shells from the Mario Bros. games, hammers from Donkey Kong, the list goes on and on.  Surpassing all of that is a strangely addictive trophy system, for which you win coins in order to buy trophies of many different classic Nintendo characters and locales, all detailed and lovingly rendered in 3D.  The only major caveat is if you're a single player, you're somewhat out of luck.  The one-player adventure mode is fairly weak (why didn't they have a separate adventure for each character?), and the AI can sometimes be equally parts cheap and stupid.  But what does it matter; when the four-player intense fighting is as fun as this, you can't go wrong.  And it's cheap now, to boot!  You have no excuse.By the way, if you don't have a Gamecube, purchase one immediately, and thank yourself for your wise choice.
3	B00005Q8M0	For all of you who like Super Smash for the N64 here's my advice: Buy Super Smash Melee. The graphics are above 10 times better, the sounds are immersing, and there must be tons of extras like trophies and new characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	This was my first "Game Cube" game. I really enjoyed the first one on "N64" that I had to get it. I mean were else can you beat the ... out of the "Nintendo" Characters you despises and Love. This as a fighting game is so if you're into hardcore violence that other games such as "Mortal Kombat" has to offer. But it's great for fun and to relive stress... I hate those "Ice Climber" twins!Mike
3	B00005Q8M0	This game was fun.  I thought it was very well done.  My little brother, who is 7, still plays it today.  The graphics are very very good.  I recommend this to you.
3	B00005Q8M0	I started playing this game the day I got it (a few days after Christmas) and haven't stopped yet. The character designs are simply beautiful; from the minor puffs of smoke that come from Bowser's mouth, to the incredibly detailed designs on Link's shield.  The sound is REALLY where this game is at!; although it borrows plenty of music from previous Nintendo games, who's complaining?  They tidy up the songs and sounds anywhere from the classic Mario World tunes to the bob-omb explosions, this is yet another high point of Melee.  With 25 characters, 29 stages and buttloads of modes and tons o stuff. I can't explain it all in 1,000 words. The biggest reason to get a Gamecube so far is Super Smash Bros Melee, and will be for a little while yet. If you are going to get ANY game for Cube, make it Bros!
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Bros for the N64 was easily my favorite game. Why wouldn't it be? How can you not love Nintendo's lovable mascots getting into a stage and then battling? Well now it gets even better.Super Smash Bros Melee is a superb game that really can't get any better. That's start with some single player options. One of my favorite new features is Adventure Mode - Here you fight your way across several Nintendo themed locations. Not only is it enjoyable to relive the backgrounds, but some of the enemys are included as well! Another enjoyable aspect of the game is Stadium Challenges (I believe that's what they're called). These present a challenge ranging from killing a character within a matter of seconds or winning in a battle where bombs rule! Not only is this very challenging, it is a thrill to see a different approach on the overall normal Melee.While this game has a wonderful single player, it just only gets better with multiplayer.Multiplayer is a fun and addictive section of the game where you can fight it out with your friends. Not only can this present new challenges to even the most hard core player, but it will give you a chance to team up on one specific player. Several strategy's that are just not possable with CPU's come into play here. These battles are also extremely customizable. Not only can you choose between several different styles of combat, but from there you can select handicap, what items will fall, how many items will fall, and much more.Overall, Super Smash Bros Melee is a unique and exciting experience that will leave you eager for more.
3	B00005Q8M0	I have played each and everyone of these games and my personal favorite is brawl. But that is now. Back then it was melee. The graphics are almost the same on charecters like kirby, pokemon, and charecters like that as brawls graphics. The story mode is pretty good too. Though it is not as long or hard it still is pretty good. Brawl has many more things to do but the melee game has a better battle for multiplayer. The melee i like the music better because they are the original soundtracks from the actual games. Melee is also one of the oldest games for the GC and it has some of the best graphics of all of the GC games. Man, does this game bring back many good memories! There is other things to do on this game becides battle and story mode. I really love the story modes on these games. This is probably my favorite GC games and i still love to play it.
3	B00005Q8M0	THIS GAME IS ALL THAT AND A BAG OF CHIPS! IT COMBINES ACTION, FIGHTING AND ADVENTURE. WITH TONS OF FIGHTERS TO CHOOSE FROM INCLUDING: (MARIO, LINK, SAMUS, DK, YOSHI, NESS, BOWSER, PEACH, AND MORE. THE REPLAY VALUE IS EVIDENT. EVEN IF YOU GIVE THIS GAME A BREAK, YOU'LL COME BACK TO IT EVENTUALITY. "SUPER SMASH BROS. MELEE" IS A GAMERS DREAM. I'M LOOKING FOWARD TO: SUPER MARIO SUNSHINE, THE LEGEND OF ZELDA, METRIOD PRIME, WARIO WORLD, AND STARFOX ADVENTURES, ONLY FOR THE CUBE.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is the best Nintendo game ever. Better than any Nintendo game, better than any Nintendo 64 game, better than any Super Nintendo, better than any Game Boy game, better than any Game Boy Color game, better than any Game Boy Advanced or SP game, better than any Nintendo DS game, and better than any other Game Cube game. My best character in this game is Mr. Game And Watch. My brother uses Falco, my other brother uses Marth. What do ya know, Mr. Game And Watch V.S Falco V.S Marth, what a battle. YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers Melee for the Nintendo GameCube is truly an excellent game.  The game features 25 playable characters and around 30 different areas to duke it out.  All the best Nintendo characters are included in the game.  The game has a very quick learning curve.  Players that have no skill at all are able to pick up the controller and play the game.  Having said that though, this game is very detailed, and on the hardest levels can be extremely difficult for even seasoned players.  What really makes this game shine are the various game modes.  There are actually so many different game modes I could not even list them all.  For one player there are three different game modes from classic to adventure and a really fun All Star Mode.  The multiplayer is also great.  Super Smash Brothers is also a walking statistic tracking machine.  It keeps track of everything from the amount of time the game is turned on to the amount of KO's each and every player has.  Another unbelievable feather to this game is the trophy system.  There are latterly around 300 different trophies in the game that are acquired by doing various tasks or getting to different milestones.  This game is truly worth its price and is very easy to recommend to any Nintendo fan and is seriously a must have game to anyone's GameCube library.
3	B00005Q8M0	How can anybody not like this game? It's amazing, it's fantastic, it's beautiful. I can't wait for Brawl to come out. Anyway, back to the game.Graphics: 10/10The graphics have increasingly improved tremendously from the original Smash Bros. Instead of bright blue overalls on Mario, it's dark blue overalls, and you can see the strings on the overalls. I think the most improved is Fox.Sound: 10/10It's fun to listen to, very catchy as well. I love the theme song. All the songs from each world fits perfectly.Characters: 10/10There's no good or bad character. Some people might say Jigglypuff is the worst, but what about her down B attack, that's like the home run bat. It's like each character's movements and are naturally different and their personallties are all different too. Some characters are like blobs such as Kirby or Mr. Game and Watch, but some characters are highly detailed, such as Link or Ganondorf.Stages: 9.5/10I loved most of the stages in this game, but alot of them were the same thing except with a samll twist to it. Battlefield and Foutain of Dreams are pretty much identical, but I do like all the new stages. Their all incredibly filled with action.Controls: 10/10They work instintly, and the basic controls take no time to learn. Once you start to learn the really hard moves, like catching items in the air, the advanced moves are, well, advanced.Single Player:I'm just going to write short summaries on the single player.Classic: 4/10It's the fun the first time, you'll fall asleep the second time playing it. There's absoulutly no replay value in it.Adventure: 4/10Once again, it's the first time, you'll be bored the death the next time. I wish all the characters had to like 3 missions, but the missions were different for every character. For example, Mario had to go through Bowser's castle to rescue Peach, or a mission something like that.All Star: 6/10It's better then Classic and Adventure, but not by much. There's more replay value, but it really dies down quickly. You play all 25 characters, and that's it.Event Matches: 6/10There's a good amount of replay value in these event matches. But I do warn you, once you get to Event 30 and up, they are downright impossible. The fun is still there though. I like having to do certain missions, but then again, it just dosn't keep it's value, that's what happens with all the single player modes, and that's sad.Home Run Contest: 6/10Very Challenging to get a high score. You can unlock trophies and a stage, but after that, there's not much worth of playing it again. It's very hard to get over 700 feet, for any character. I had to go online to unlock the stage and the trophy.Target Test: 8/10This is just my opinion, but I say there's lots of replay value in the target test. Some are easy, some are hard. When I mean hard, I mean "have to go on internet to find how to do it" hard.Multi Man Meele: 7/10There's 3 minute Meele, 15 minute, Endless, about 6 to 7 types of this, but even bringing it all together, it only equals in even 7. With 100 Man Meele, you can unlock Falco, and for 15 Minute, you unlock a stage. After you do that, there's no point coming back to it.Training: 0/10They try to incourage replay by trying to get you do the most, COMBOS!?!?!? They cheated through Training, it's boring as it is, and it really dosn't help you throughout the Meele matches at all.Trophies: 7/10Their cool. There's lots of them. What I like the most about the trophies, is reading the info about the trohies. Sure their 3-D and detailed and stuff, but they don't move or anything, so there's not much of a point collecting the trophies either.Multiplayer:The best part about this game, the multiplayer.Meele: 10/10Who couldn't rate this a high score, it's the best part of the game. Lots and lots of replay value. I don't find computer players very fun in most games, but in this one, it's just like your friend, almost! It's hard to describe. Their's Timed, Stock, Coin Mode, where you try to collect the most coins in a time limit by hitting the player, and bonus mode, where you go for the highest score.Tournament Meele: 10/10I love Tornument Meele! There's so many options you can pick from, you can even play 64 people for crissakes!( even though you probulay wouldn't want to watch every single match if you do the 64 option) It's really fun and it's value is always there, no matter what.Special Meele:I'm not going to write about the special Meele's, I'm just going to give them ratings so you guys don't have to read so much.Camera: 7/10Stanima: 10/10Sudden Death: 7/10Giant: 8/10Tiny: 7/10Invisible: 3/10 (trust me, not seeing is not what you call fun)Fixed Camera: 5/10Single Button: 5.5/10Slo-Mo: 9/10Ligthing-Mo: 8/10It's very neat to have all these special playing options, even if a few of them are not fun at all (Invisible, Single Button). But I'll admit that this was a very innovative idea, or different.Unlockables: 9.5/10Lots, and lots of it. You might think unlocking every character and stage, and beating all 51 event matches is beating the game. You are wrong, you need to collect 249 trophies still! There's plenty to unlock this game and that keeps me playing it.Other Stuff: 9/10There's not much else to write about, but you can write your name. But only four letters.Overall:10/10There's no point in renting this game, just please buy the thing. Wondering why the game is still $30.00? Buy the game to find out, if you have it, good. And that's my review, on one of the most funest games ever.
3	B00005Q8M0	a swear to god this game rules. my first game and should be the first with anyone who wants game cube. awesome graphics, awesome gameplay, although having to play it 70 hours to unlock a charecter is kinda weak but who cares,its awesome
3	B00005Q8M0	this gameis a must hav . i had thisgame for over 3 years and still cant beat it. not onl;y is this hard. themultiplayer is greatwith new features such as lightningf meleeor invisible mele. thers new stuf like all stamode where you take on 1to 4 com at a time. also adventure mode where you go through levels from certain games in a side scrolling level. thers also 24caracter in the game and 9 to unlock. in multiplayr theres over 20 levels to choose to battle on. along the way you have to collect 290 trophies of nintendos past and present. and it isnt easy some you need to do hard stuff to earn. also 51 event matches where you take on specific battle challenges.you can also start a tournament with up to 64 players.this game makes you feel proud for earning stuff case you cn read aboutit and show off to friens in a gallery . the brawl is ON!!!!
3	B00005Q8M0	pros. 25 well known nintendocharacters like Mario, Link, Pikachu and Kirby. many cool arenas. 51 missions in event mode. one of the greatest multiplayer games ever. the sound comes from classic nintendogames like, super mario bros., the legend of zelda, pokemon stadium and DR. Mario. many trophies to collect.all-star mode and classic mode rocks. fun minigames, like break the target and racecons. Pichu, Roy, DR. Mario, Gannondorf, Falco and young Link are just copies of Pikachu, Marth, Mario, Capt. Falcon, Fox and Link. i arenas like Big blue and Icecle mountain you dont get to figth that much because the arena is moving so you are busy trying to save youre ass. Yoshi, Peach and Iceclimbers are too weak or to hard to play whit. it takes 4ever to unlock Mewtwo and Mr. game and watch. adventure mode is too boring
3	B00005Q8M0	I got this game as a Christmas present and I still am not bored of it. Since theres a timer built into this game saying how long you've played it, I realized I have played it for a total of 93 hours. And even with that much time played, I still have plenty to unlock, but I'll tell you what I have unlocked, so many characters, modes, levels, and what I still have to finish, the history-filled trophies you collect so many of. I'm currently at 276 trophies, and theres a total of 291 in the game. But enough of that, the thing that stood out the most to me was the event mode. Most of these tasks seemed impossible at first, but when you figure out the perfect strategy for each event, the difficulty eases slightly and its not as impossible. Last night, i finished all of the events, but its still fun to go back and do them againGraphics: 9The characters are extremely fine tuned. No more of the papery type looks of the original N64 version. Graphics are perfect for this game's cartoony type feel. I cant really complain about this game's graphics, but the backgrounds of the levels could better.Gameplay: 10This game takes so much time to really master it due to the difficulty of the Computer's AI. In the N64 version, I didn't even own it and I beat the game on very hard difficulty with no problem. While many people get annoyed at the computer's abilities at harder difficulties, I find it as more of a challenge and it makes me want to play the game more. But, sometimes I believe the computer doesnt want me to accomplish certain tasks when I spend around 10 minutes working on all-star mode, only to die on the very last level when I fall on a bomb. Another thing I liked about this game was the amazingly fast gameplay. This game runs so fast during battle that you constantly lose track of where you are on each level. The gameplay can't be beat though, I say.Modes: 9The problems that the N64 version of this game had, this game made up for entirely, with 17 multiplayer modes, several one-player modes that AREN'T boring, and various other things in the game. The only reason i gave this section a 9 instead of a 10, is because of the seemingly unending adventure mode.Value: 10If you aren't satisfied with this game, you need to have brain surgery, QUICK!! As I said before, I've played this game for a total of 93 hours, and I still haven't gotten bored of it. Even though it seems as though I don't have a life, I know so many people that have played this game more often than I have.Overall, this game cannot be beat.Pros:1. Extremely Fast Gameplay.2. Worth Every Penny You Spend On It.3. So Many Things to Unlock4. All Kinds of ModesCons:1. Boring Adventure Mode
3	B00005Q8M0	This is a lot better than the original, with new features like Adventure mode, Home Run Contest, Multiman Melee, Event Match, Special Melee, and Trophies. The original 1-player mode (classic) has different battles everytime (THANK GOD) and a new bonus round where you collect new trophies by kickin them in a bucket...thing. Event Match is a cool idea but quickly gets tedious as you have to complete them all to unlock certain areas/characters blablabla...Special melee is a life saver for this game since it adds a fun dimension to Vs. Mode.The graphics are great, the new characters they added were ok choices. The replay value? Endless in Vs. Mode, almost NONE for Adventure mode (the same EVERY TIME). Overall, a good game to buy.
3	B00005Q8M0	I was very impressed by this game...and I liked the original one anyway here are my usuall pros and cons:Pros:*Excellent graphics*Great battle modes*1-2-3-4-player action*Awesome sound*Many places, levels and characters to unlock and play in*Many different battle modes to choose from*A new "adventure" mode [which] is awesome*Just when the game gets boring "A new foe has appeared"*Great game to play with your mom, bro, kid, or dad!*Fun for all including you in 1-player or 2, 3, or 4-playerCons:*After a long time when you unlock everything it gets kind of boring*1-player vs. mode is a lil' too easy*First few players you can play as have such a low # of attacks they repeat themselves A LOT*Some characters are just a pain to unlock
3	B00005Q8M0	You have to watch out for this game.  You will start playing it with friends and all of a sudden it is 4 am and you have a final the next day.  This is perhaps the best game ever made for any system.  The range of characters and levels along with the hidden surprises makes this game a must have for all serious gamers.
3	B00005Q8M0	I was prepared to give this game 1 star because I played it for the first time today and I thought &quot;this game is stupidly easy!&quot; Then I realized the game was preset on &quot;very easy.&quot; So that explained things. My first impressions of the game is that it has the most beautiful graphics I have ever seen. There's not a single flaw I could find. The colors are bright and vibrant and the characters are very well detailed. However, the pitfall to this game is the loose controls. They're too simple to be a good fighting game and too loose to be a good platformer. In this fighting game you're asked to sometimes perform some difficult jumping and, while that's not the toughest thing in the world to do, it should be a lot easier. Street Fighter it's not. The game is huge though and offers a lot to a single player or multiplayers. The game creators thought of everything. Even putting a mini Star Fox type game during the credits. If only this game had better controls it would be a perfect game.Graphics: 5.0Control: 4.0Sound: 4.5Fun Factor: 4.5
3	B00005Q8M0	AHHHHHH! Your character screams as he/she/it flies of the screen in a spectacular explosion! As you can see, there's a lot of action in this fighting game. But, instead of just punching and kicking, there's, arrows, lasers, swords, electricity (Pikachu, Pichu), there's bombs, and with the items you've got guns, more bombs, laser swords and so much more. There are, like 11 hidden characters to unlock, and they're all worth it! For the multiplayer, there are hidden levels to unlock when you've completed certain objectives, and a new mode if you unlock all the characters! It is one of the best GCN games out there. Don't listen to all the people saying the GCN is a "kiddie" system, because it's just as powerful as the other systems, with the exception of DVD and CD players. I've heard the GCN's graphics are better than the PS2's!! Well, I hope I've cleared things up, thanks for reading!
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is 101%! its the best game in existance. Its from the heavens. Multiplayer Action. There is everything! Free for all battle, 1 on 3, 2 on 2, an outstanding, excellent, sequel to the original Smash Bros.You can unlock 5 times the amount of characters including Ganondorf, Mewtwo, Dr. Mario, Young Link, Prince Marth, Roy, Mr. Game and Watch, and ALOT MORE! Theres bonus levels called &quot;Adventure&quot; on which the levels are side scrollers and throughout the levels you go into smash bros. battle. There are several ways to unlock different characters. You even have Princess Peach, and Zelda. And Zelda can turn into Sheik!The new levels are infinity awesome. Some of them are even challenging. I forgot the names of them but you'll like be on a moving platform and if you jump off you die and sometimes the platform will land for like 10 seconds and during those 10 seconds, space ships or whatever those are on F-Zero GX come flying for half the time and you have to get on another platform. There is also another zelda level, more mario ones, another samus one, a ness one, and some others!If I havent mentioned graphics yet, the graphics to this from the original were totally upgraded! Theres new moves and everything for the characters too!Outstanding gameplay. Multiplayer Action. Singleplayer Action. Tons more characters. Tons more levels. Much better graphics. New Adventure levels. New moves. Theres nothing you dont want in this game. Its the best game ever. Get it. Don't rent it, don't try it out, get it and keep it!Yep, thats it.  Understand now?Thanks for readin the review.  Hope it helped ;)
3	B00005Q8M0	Many people just object to the game and claim, &quot;This is the same as the old one!&quot; This is actually completely false. There are many differences between the new and old. First, the obvious. The graphics have greatly improved. Characters are now much more detailed, and items, which used to be paper flat and blurry, are now three-dimentional. Also, since there are tons more courses and characters, I have no idea how anyone can say this is merely a repeat. There are also new modes to play such as adventure, (SMALL SPOILERS) All Star, objective, and many new multiplayer modes such as giant, tiny, invisible, lightning, coin, Slo-Mo, Camera, and some more. There are also trophies to collect, about over 300, as a matter-of-fact. Overall, if you said this is the same as the old, you are severely incorrect.P.S. My name is a joke, obviously! (:
3	B00005Q8M0	This is probably STILL and will ALWAYS be the best game on gamecube. It is waaay better than the original ever though that is an EXCELLENT game in its own right. But this game is better in every way. It has more characters, more weapons, more levels, and has a tremendous replay value because it has about 300+ trophies to collect. The action is nonstop and frantic. Each match is different because all the characters are pretty well balanced. One may be lightning quick but weak(pichu) while another may be a plodding brute(gannandorf). No matter what Nintendo game you like, it will probably have a character from that game. Best multiplayer game of all time.
3	B00005Q8M0	If you're looking for a multiplayer game then look no further!!!  Super Smash bros. Melee is an all out bash with new characters, old characters, adventure mode, multiplayer, hidden treats(like sound test), trophies and of course, fun.  You can choose any out of atleast 20 different characters to smash 'n bash your opponent.  The only unfun part is that it is multiplayer so if you have no one to destroy it gets boring, but luckily it has adventure mode.  SOME hidden caracters: Jigglypuff, Dr.Mario, Pichu, Luigi and Young Link don't think I'll spoil the surprise of finding characters, but, I have heard that if you get all the characters a certain wacko character will apear...
3	B00005Q8M0	Great game. I'm not going to describe how good it is because I'm certain there are better reviews out there. Some of you in the smash community is probably wondering what version this is. It's DOL - 02. I bought this game as a replacement for my first version which was Dol- 01.
3	B00005Q8M0	This will give you hours of fun per day. The search for more characters, creating rules, and other events take place in this game. Just read a different review. I give it five stars.
3	B00005Q8M0	Once again Mario doesn't let me down. This time, other Nintendo characters are staring with him. In this fighter game, you get to choose your favorite character and fight against your other favorites. This game can be very challenging to unlock all of the characters. This game will give you a lot of fun for quite some time. This is a good family game. This game isn't too violent. It isn't bloody. There is just a lot of punching. I would watch younger aged kids while playing this, but other than that, this is one Fantastic game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Game came on time, no scratches, nothing missing out of the case, and it's a REALLY fun game, I recommend.
3	B00005Q8M0	thid is the coolest game ever is a little old AND GETS EVER BETTER. buy it buy it buy it.
3	B00005Q8M0	THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMECUBE GAMES AND THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME!HERE'S SOME NEW STUFF: YOU CAN PLAY THE SAME CHARACTERS, BUT NOW IT'S LIKE ALL OF THEM HAVE THEIR OWN ARENA TO FIGHT IN! NOW EVEN BOWSER'S IN THIS GAME! THERE ARE SOME NEW GUYS LIKE CAPT. FALCON, BUT THAT'S JUST ABOUT IT FOR NEW CHARACTERS, BUT THE MASTER HAND IS AT THE END, AND THE ENTIRE GAMEPLAY IS WONDERFUL!!!! NINTENDO GAMECUBE IS THE GAME SYSTEM OF THE FUTURE IN MY OPINION. Cherrio.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is one of the best on the market.  It has brought hours of enjoyment for my son and his friends ( and me!).The graphics are great and the game play is very smooth.  There are lots of options that make game play interesting ... plus 20 or so characters to play with.Pausing the game during a battle captures some great action shots.Buy this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	Ok this game is one of the most playbly games ever it is so dun to the all youre very charters from link to mario they is a lot of fun to have here. But once you have beat the game game with every one it gets old. but then the multy play opiton has a lot ofun to it. sow If you wount a fun game you go out and bye this game you will like it
3	B00005Q8M0	THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD 14 MORE PEOPLE . THE BEST GAME OF THE GAMECUBE ISHERE AND STILL AS GOOD AS IT WAS IN 2001 I JUST CAN NOT BELIVE IT HAS 1113REVIEWS BUT WHAT COULD I SAY BEST SELLER.
3	B00005Q8M0	This was the game I first got with my Gamecube, and it still remains one of the best fighting video games of all time in my book. It takes everything that was in the first and makes it a thousand times more elaborate.The music was all MIDI in the first one, now we have some awesome orchestral compositions that are updates of all sorts of classic Nintendo themes. My personal favorite themes are: Mute City, Big Blue, Fountain of Dreams, Great Bay, the Temple, Fourside, and Venom.The first game only had 12 players (8 at the start and 4 hidden), now there are 25 in all! The original 8 (Mario, Donkey Kong, Link, Samus Aran, Yoshi, Kirby, Fox McCloud and Pikachu) are back in the starting lineup, and the previously hidden Ness and Captain Falcon are immediately available as well. 4 new characters join the starters in the form of Bowser, Peach, Zelda (who can transform into her alter ego Sheik), and the rather obscure Eskimo pair known as the Ice Climbers. 11 hidden characters are to be found. In addition to the two returning from the original (Jigglypuff and Luigi), Dr. Mario is in for a routine physical; Falco Lombardi of the Starfox team flies into town; Link goes back seven years in the past as Young Link, and has a run in with his arch enemy, Ganondorf; Roy and Marth of Fire Emblem have joined the party; two more Pokemon have been caught in the form of Mewtwo and Pichu (aka baby Pikachu); and even Nintendo's very first character, a little LCD man known as Mr. Game and Watch, is featured.In the first, there were only 9 arenas, now there are at least 20, and they are far more interactive than they were before. For example: in Brinstar Depths, every 15 or so seconds, let's say, a giant monster named Kraid (Metroid fans remember fighting him) comes in and takes a swipe at the arena, moving it around either counter clockwise or clockwise and changing where you can and can't stand.The single player mode has been significantly updated. In addition to the classic single player mode (which has been somewhat reformulated), there are two new modes: Adventure and All-Star. All-Star mode pits you against random assortments of 1, 2 and 3 characters in 12 matches and ends with a battle against 25 Mr. Game and Watch drones. Adventure mode, on the other hand, is a series of 12 stages that include side-scrolling action as well as fighting. For example: in stage 3, the Underground Maze, there are two parts. Part 1 is the maze itself, which may end up pitting you against Link several times; then, in part 2, you have a fight with Zelda at the Temple.The classic 1 player mode has been formulated somewhat differently as well. There are no set opponents except for Master Hand in the final stage. There are three traditional matchups against a random opponent (like the ones in the first one against Link, Fox, Pikachu and Samus), one matchup against a random Giant opponent with 2 random computer controlled allies (like the Giant DK battle in the first one), one 2-on-2 matchup with a random computer-controlled ally (like the Mario Bros. Battle in the first one), a battle against a metal opponent (like the one against Metal Mario), a battle against a team of 10 of a random character (like the Kirby, Yoshi and Fighting Polygon teams), and Master Hand, plus three bonus stages (Break The Targets, Snag The Trophies and Race To The Finish). Board The Platforms is no more.There are a ton of new multiplayer modes to, which only add to the fun. Want some quick K.O.'s? Then give Super Sudden Death mode a try and have everyone handicapped at 300% damage! Do you like your fights faster? Slower maybe? Lightning and Slo-Mo melees are available. Trying to become a photographer? Then give camera mode a try. Also, a tournament can be held with up to 64 players.There is so much more that I could discuss (trophies, multi-man melee, etc.), but if this hasn't convinced you that this game is worth having, as dated as it may be now that Brawl is out for the Wii, then I'm sorry for you. Trust me, it is.
3	B00005Q8M0	I don't care if sum people say it's 4 kids, I love this game.  Me and my friends play it all the time.  My main man is Roy or Mario.Pros:Superb graphicsnice selection of charactersgood extrasOne of my favorite multiplayer gamesEnjoyable gameplayenough modes 2 lastcharge up moves are greatmight be the best 4 player game 4 da gamecube thus farCons:Some levels are hard and repetitiveNot the kinda game 2 play with pople who crave m rated games(But I have friends who wil play everything)It's hard 4 me 2 find anything wrong with this game, so if u have a gamecube, u have 2 have dis game by now
3	B00005Q8M0	Earlier this year, gamefaqs.com had a tounament style contest to determine the &quot;best. game. ever.&quot; I was rooting for this game. Sadly, it was struck down in the semifinals by Final Fantasy VII (also highly recommended). I disagree with the results of this tournament. While FF7 may be the great modern video game epic, it doesn't have limitless replay value. SSBM does. The game's main focus is vs. mode, where you can battle your friends and/or the AI in matches which never get old. Other modes include adventure (platforming meets arcade fighter), classic (just the regular arcade mode with bonus games thrown in), all star (survival mode against all characters with limited health recovery), and event (interesting 1-player battles with unique objectives). There are an extraordinary number of characters (25, I  think), and a lot of environmental-hazard filled stages, (about 30) mostly taken from Nintendo games, from Kraid's lair, which features a large boss from Metroid who slashes at the platform, causing it to rotate and tip characters off the screen, to a couple of F-Zero race tracks, where you must either dodge or stay on top of the raceships, to several moving levels, where you must keep up with the screen or fall to your probably non-grusome death (there is no blood or gore to speak of, despite the T rating. No drug, alchohal, or smoking use, suggestive themes, or adult situations (tm) either.)What is the only bad thing about this game? Well, I was going to say T rating, but I already covered that, so let's just say... no online play. I would be willing to pay $60.00 for this game, but now it's just 30 bucks. The best thirty bucks you've ever spent on a video game.**The best 20 bucks you've ever spent on a video game is the aforementioned Final Fantasy VII. Get that too, if possible.
3	B00005Q8M0	this is a game i still play with friends today. this is one of the many great games that has come out on the gamecube. this is prob the only reason why i still have a gamecube. this is a great game to play with friends. you unlock players and items with story mode. there are a few mini games which are very fun. if you have friends invite them over to play. you will not put the controler down for a minute. trust me i know. if you like fighting games this is one for the collection.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is great in many ways, but full of flaws-rushed to production-muffled sounding announcer-clone characters-glitches-overpowered and underpowered very unbalanced charactersdispite all of that it is one of the gamecubes better games, but def not better than todays smash bros brawl.
3	B00005Q8M0	Let's face it. If you bought a Gamecube when it was a new system, you knew you wanted this game. Or, even if you just bought a Gamecube yesterday, chances are, this title has crossed your mind. I mean, 14 (+11 hidden) of Nintendo's most popular franchise characters thrown together into one game? It doesn't get much better than that.Super Smash Bros. Melee is the sequel to the original SSB that was a hit on the Nintendo 64 (for those who still owned one). It wasn't just great because of all the neat characters you could play as, but for the exciting gameplay. Four players lay the smack down on each other until enough damage has been done to launch them out of the arena that they are fighting in. They can do this by any means necessary, even if it includes using the stage's obstacles and foreign objects! The battles may be fought in a 2D fashion, but you'll forget about all that once the action starts. In fact, this game is by far the best multi-player game to grace a home console. If you have three friends, you're in luck. If you don't... well... find some, because the single player modes get old fast, as does collecting trophies, as awe-inspiring as they are. This game also features some exciting new modes as well, including a tournament mode, and various branch-offs from the normal formula, like giant melee, small melee, etc. Indeed this game has replay value.The graphics are supurb for a 2D game. However, you can truly see that it has been given a full 3D feel as you can rotate the camera around when you pause the game. The character models look authentic and true to their characters as do the battle backgrounds. In fact, just seeing some of these worlds recreated makes you wish for 3D updates for these games (like Earthbound). The sounds also remain true to the characters they represent. Almost all the characters have voice-overs that you'll hear when they unleash a special attack. Also, all of the more popular music from the games represented have been included as well, sounding better than ever (even the infamous Donkey Kong Rap).So, what are you waiting for? If you own a Gamecube, you should also be owning this game. When you have a game where you can smack Pokemon around with a baseball bat, you can't go wrong.List of characters and their respective games:Mario, Luigi*, Bowser, Yoshi, &amp; Peach (Super Mario series)Link, Young Link*, Zelda, &amp; Ganondorf* (Legend of Zelda series)Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong series)Fox &amp; Falco* (Star Fox series)Samus (Metroid series)Kirby (Kirby series)Pikachu, Pichu*, Mewtwo*, &amp; Jigglypuff* (Pokemon)Captain Falcon (F-Zero series)Ness (Earthbound)Ice Climbers (Ice Climber)Dr. Mario* (Dr. Mario)Marth* &amp; Roy* (Fire Emblem)Mr. Game &amp; Watch* (Game &amp; Watch series)* = Hidden Characters
3	B00005Q8M0	The Camecube to many was a dissapointment but games like Smash Brothers gave the Cube what little leverage it had to offer. When you look back at fighting games a lot of people love this franchise. This game came packed in with my Cube when I got it back in 05 and its one of the few games I actually go back and replay. The game is just pure fun. There is no story you just brawl in matches and pimp slap your opponents around with a selection of moves and it works. Longevity wise theres plenty of characters and trophies to unlock to keep you busy for a while.Pros - addictive gameplay,large roster of characters,for being an early Cube game it still has good graphicsCons - no story whatsoever, repetitive after an hour or sothe game is good just probably not for everyone.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is so good that if you think there is another game that is better than this, you're wrong!  Everyone who has a GameCube should definitely get this, 'cuz it's awesome!
3	B00005Q8M0	if you collect games this is a must have seriouusly this game is a must have  buy this game right now
3	B00005Q8M0	It may be nostalgia, but I freaking love this game. I played a crap load of Super Smash Bro's for N64 but when this came out it blew me away. Melee is not necessarily a huge advancement from the first game but it has just the right amount of new content to keep you occupied for hours. With an adventure mode that calls back to classic side-scroller action, tons of challenges, mini games, a fantastic multi-player, and a straight up fight to the end single-player mode you have the best Super Smash Bro's yet. I mean even the credits are awesome.
3	B00005Q8M0	What this game has over Brawl makes a VERY huge difference. The pace of the game. It's much better and faster, I dunno why Brawl slowed it down, they had it right RIGHT here. If Brawl didn't have all that stuff, Melee could have easily still been better than it. This game has no rival...period, and is second only to it's successor, Brawl.
3	B00005Q8M0	Plain and simple, this is the game you can play with your friends and your 8 year old cousin.  Fun and beatings for all ages is pretty much what SSBM is.  It's a game that can be shallow or deep, depending on the user.  Too bad there is no online play for it though.  But gamecubes always behind for that kind of stuff.  Just go buy it.
3	B00005Q8M0	THIS GAME IS GRRREEEAAAT!THE BEST ALL-STARS FROM THE NINTENDO GAMES ARE IN IT.EACH CHARACTER BATTLES DIFFERENT CHARACTERS.ADVENTURE MODE IS THE ONLY MODE THAT HAS A SET STORY.THAT MODE IS THE SAME AS EVERY CHARACTER.HERE'S A REALLY COOL SECRET.IF YOU HAVE SONIC GEMS COLLECTION MOVE YOUR DATA FROM THIS GAME ONTO SONIC THE FIGHTERS AND EACH TIME YOU PLAY 20 MAN MELEE ON SUPER SMASH BROS.MELEE AND BEAT IT A DIFFERENT SONIC CHARACTER WILL APPEAR.BEAT THE SONIC CHARACTER AND YOU CAN PLAY AS THEM!ALSO BEAT THE GAME AS CERTAIN CHARACTER AND YOU CAN PLAY AS A NINTENDO CHARACTER THAT HAS BEEN INTRODUCED BEFORE 2003.
3	B00005Q8M0	Out of all the Gamecube games I have, the one I can always play and the one I play the most is Super Smash Bros Melee. This is one of those games that is great to get out when friends come over. Once I start playing against somebody else thats good, its hard to stop. Its easy to spend hours playing several rounds trying to discover new ways to defeat your enemies. Overall, if you have a Gamecube and still don't have this game, you really owe it to yourself to pick this up.
3	B00005Q8M0	This game has to be the most fun mario game I have ever played. Awesome multiplayer and single player game play. Great cast of unlockable characters and levels as well as special moves. Highly Recommend it!
3	B00005Q8M0	The starting video is absolutely gorgeous those graphics are almost a match to resident evil!This game has great graphics all the time and a countless number of modes. You can even create your own battle. It's a great game and collecting all the trophies would be a pain in the neck so don't try just have fun.adventure mode is really cool its like old school mario with good graphics and a lot of characters. There are many more secret characters than there are boxes with question marks (I Think) there are also many hidden levels the hardest one being brinstar depths. a great game i didn't buy it but i rented it and didn't want to take it back so i highly suggest you buy it.
3	B00005Q8M0	this game is a MUST HAVE for people with gamecubes!!!!!it has prettyful graphics,cool 1P modes,(except adventure,without giga bowser-_-;)theres lots of characters,25,way more than the original.u can collect trophies!like almost 300!!!!!SONIC AND TAILS R NOT CHARACTERS!!!!!!!!!!don't listen to them!!!!!kirbys the best char!!!!!!!!!P.S:a super smash bros. is coming out for the new Revolution!!!:OP.S.S:how can a game with jigglypuff be rated T?!?!Starfishie"Star"^_~
3	B00005Q8M0	Trust me; Super Smash Bros. Melee is grade A fun!  There are well over 20 characters to choose from, a re-done VS. mode, and a hard challenge.  As with every Nintendo fan, you have to buy this, cuz if you didn't, you would miss out on the totally new courses, the new characters including Young Link, and you would continue to be bored with your Gamecube.
3	B00005Q8M0	Bought this one first of the series, after playing the N64 game, and i soon bought the wii game too. Best fighting games that i've ever played. Highly recommend this game, i consider the best one in terms of balance.
3	B00005Q8M0	Simply amazing. I can think of no two words that describe this Gamecube title better than that. As a sequel to the N64 smash hit, Super Smash Brothers, this game improves in every way over that title. From the graphics to the sound effects, SSBM is a solid hit to purchase if you still own a Gamecube. And for those Wii owners out there, why not own this to go with Super Smash Brothers Brawl? It would compliment it nicely on your gaming shelf.I recently acquired another Gamecube, and this was one of the first titles I sought actively for it. Although there are characters that are similar to eachother in attack moves (Pichu and Pikachu, for example), the simple diversity of being able to play one of your favorite Nintendo characters makes this title a joy to own and play over and over again. There are many things I still need to unlock in this game, and I find myself playing it every single night right before I go to bed. It's that addictive and fun.Pros:Simple techniques let you get into the action right awayChoose your favorite Nintendo character and have at it!Graphics and sound are top notch. Gameplay is a breeze to learnMany unlockable areas and characters availableMultiplayer is fast, furious, and downright enjoyableCons:Single player is a weak addition to the gameMany characters are downright identical to othersTakes a long time to unlock some characters you'd like to play soonerOverall:This game is one you must own if you have a Gamecube, or a Wii, for that matter. The price is still on the reasonable side, and you can get it cheaper as a "Player's Choice" title. Any Gamecube owner would do well to add this title to their collection. Get it....TODAY!
3	B00005Q8M0	i had this game in high school and never stopped playing it this game is an easy classic and is a hard game to put down
3	B00005Q8M0	I HAD THIS GAME SINCE THE GAME CUBE CAME OUT AND IT IS STILL FUN. IF YOU HAVE MONEY AND LIKE TO PLAY NINTENDO GAME CUBE BUY THIS GAME. IT IS CHEEP NOW SO BUY IT. I HAD TO PAY $49.99
3	B00005Q8M0	Without this game, I doubt I would've ever brought the GCN. This game was the main reason why I brought the GCN. Other than Racing and RPG's which are my favorite genre of video games, this is my only favorite fighting game that I love. My favorite part of this game other than collecting trophies from Nintendo's past, is knocking the stuffing out of everybody with my favorite character Luigi, yeah that's right LUIGI. The graphics are great, especially the Final Destination battlefield which was breath-taking. For graphics, I would give it 10/10. The controls were great which also deserve a 10/10. The music was da bomb, especially with the sound test option (you can unlock the sound test option by uncovering all of the characters and secret stages and getting the Marin trophy). As other people have said, your GCN collection isn't complete unless you have this game.
3	B00005Q8M0	this game is so much better than the N64 version, graphics, game play, players, its a must get
3	B00005Q8M0	SSBM is the best game ever made. If you liked the first one on 64 then you will love this game. You get so many more players than the last like my personal favorite (even though I am a boy) I like Zelda. Other favorites that weren't on the last one Ice climbers mewtwo and a whole lot more.fun 100/100and every thing else 100/100
3	B00005Q8M0	Dude, This is not a very violent game. when you hit a character blood doesnt even come out. a yellow/blue flash appears. my little 3 yr old bro plays it, and still acts like a civil well behaved kid!? Anyways I havent even play it much and cant find it in the stores ANYWERE? Iv tried walmart,fredmyers,gamcrazy but not gamestop. anyways this games fun for the whole family. NEVER GETS OLD.P.s. A GAMER if you want to complain about a violent game you should be complaining about GTAVC or TEkKeN 3.
3	B00005Q8M0	Oh man!  there are so many good things about this game that you should really go out and buy it today for the holidays! Man, I fight so good in it! Sometimes I knock them right off, and man, when they come up on the other side they are stars coming out of them.  You can be so many guys, and then i fight so hard and oh man I hate kirby but he is still pretty good.  Mario can do a punch where he punch you right off the screen! I like to play Link best.tony
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is so great!!  Thre graphics are really good, as is the game play.  Adventure is really fun, but classic is really entertaining too.  There are tons of great levels, with detailed graphics, and many different stages for you to unlock as well.  You also unlock many characters as you probgress thruogh the game, so if you dont like the availabe characters, just play the game for a while, and you will unlock many more powerfull characters.
3	B00005Q8M0	**Actually, I gave it 4 1/2 stars, but since they don't give fractions, I just put 4**If you liked the Nintendo 64 version, there's no way you'll dislike this game! Mario, Link, Yoshi, Kirby, Fox, Pikachu, and the rest are back for a rematch in GameCube. Almost all of the characters from the N64 game have come back to this game, along with some new faces like Zelda/Sheik, the Ice Climbers, Peach, and Bowser. There are 14 characters to start with, and 11 more to unlock. There are also more than 15 levels with different hazards that you'll have to avoid (i.e. falling in the water in Great Bay, staying on the turning platform in Brinstar Depths, etc.) **I'm so glad they included Falco! He's my favorite Nintendo character of all time!I gave this game 4 stars because even though the music was amazing and the graphics were superb, the controls always get the better of me. I always try to jump by pressing A, but I punch instead. Plus, there are some attacks you have to do by pressing two buttons at the same time, or pressing the control stick in one direction and pressing a button with the other hand (i.e. the reflector attack with Fox and Falco). Some people won't be able to do that very easily. But other than that, this game is very fun and I'm sure you'll be addicted to it as I am.In conclusion, I recommend you buy this game!~Amy Rose~
3	B00005Q8M0	Combining the very elements that make Nintendo, Nintendo, and unleashing them in this game.All of the popular video game heroes. Fox, Link, Pikachu, etc.) And villains; Bowser, Ganon, and Mewtwo, etc.)You're bound to find at least two characters you enjoy playing with because the gameplay is great.Its one of the few games that has replay-ability for years. One of my all time favorites.
3	B00005Q8M0	This one is my favorite of the the three in the series.The graphics, amazingThe gameplay, almost flawlessSingles player mode is great as well.Endless hours of fun.A must have for the Gamecube or Wii.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is a great multi-player game and probably the best. This game has so many damn trophies, modes and sick-ass action. Leave it all once in once a while. This is the best brawl game i have ever played. When i put my foot down, i put my foot down and this is a great game. 25 characters, metal melee, 100 melee, cruel melee, 290 trophies, 51 events, classic and adventure modes. Ya, I know. It's amazing. I wil simple put it this way:Donkey Kong, Mario, Luigi, Sheik, Link, Fox McCloud, Samus, Captain Falcon, Pikachu, Zelda, Princess Peach, Bowser, Jigglypuff, Ice Climbers, Yoshi, Sheik, Mewtwo, Mr. Game and Watch, Ganadorf, Young Link, Falco, Marth, Roy, and Kirby.That's a truckload of characters. the animation is done very well and when 4 players move on the screen, there's no shortage of framerate. I strongly advise anyone to get this game. REALLY.
3	B00005Q8M0	A collision of a lot of your favorite characters from many games where they battle in many different situations. A lot of which you can create yourself. Customize the rules, amount of stock, time limits, character outfits, etc. Just let your imagination run free and battle. It's very fun collecting all of those trophies and wondering where and when you can get the next one. Some you have to battle over, some of them you find in Adventure Mode, and a lot you win after completing certain modes. What's more is that you also can unlock many excellent stages to battle on and unlock the sound test to listen to your favorite songs.There's lots to do in SSBM and you won't get bored easily.One thing I never cared for are the tiers. For example, I can easily play as Ganondorf in both games. To me, tiers are nothing but opinions.What makes this game my favorite over Brawl is that the fighting is faster and the characters' powers are more balanced. There's not many cheap moves you can pull easily like in Brawl with its overpowered newer characters. They've also removed and weakened a lot of characters which everyone is aware of.I do like the new animations and moves added though. For example, Ganondorf's Warlock Punch is no longer a direct copy of Falcon Punch. Though he's still a partial clone of C. Falcon and Samus. Link's boomerang calls forth a tornado, etc.Though I do like a lot of characters in Brawl like King Dedede, Wolf, Pit, Meta Knight, Pokemon Trainer and Sonic. (I also prefer Brawl's TLP Ganondorf over Melee's OoT Ganondorf. I use both versions equally though.)All in all SSBM will forever be my favorite of the Smash Bros. series.
3	B00005Q8M0	this game should be rated e. this game is really fun and has a whole bunch of charecters. fire emblem is gonna come out with marth and roy(check the review up there or down there depends where they're gonna put my review.)will come out in america for game cube. this is a great 4 player fighting game and has a whole bunch of levels and charecters. there is like 2 levels for each character(s.) this game is one of the best fighting games for the game cube that is 4 player. maybe i wont even be on the same page as him or her.
3	B00005Q8M0	I played Super Smash Bros. on the N64, but it doesn't quite compare to this! 25 characters in all, among them, characters that have been icons for years. For starters, Mario, DK, Link, Luigi, and Pikachu. Lots of great stages, some have to be unlocked, but, still a game that rocks! One person playing by his/her self is good enough, but with 2-4 players, the possibilities are infinite. It's a great party game. So, for anyone who wants to own a game with great replay value, get this. I promise u, u won't regret it.
3	B00005Q8M0	Donate hours of your life to this extremely fun game. Go for single player adventures, unlock levels with special matches, or battle with combinations of friends & computers. It's a must-have for Gamecube.Oh, and just a note: After fighting 2995 matches, you'll get an awesome message saying something like: "You completed your 2,995th match. That means you spent a penny on each one. Was it worth it?"
3	B00005Q8M0	Don't be fooled by the 4 and a half stars you see on this game, it is pure 5 star material. The main reason it doesn't have five stars is all of those annoying people who say the game is great, yet forget to put ANY stars on it.Anyway, the one player mode is pretty fun, despite what some people may tell you; however, if you want to really see this game shine, have some extra controllers and a few spare friends handy, since multiplayer mode is what this game is centered around, unless you count the Nintendo nostalgia.The characters are quite well balanced (Jigglypuff is actually worth playing now, due in no small part to her new 'Rollout' attack). This way, you can pick any character you want and feel confident you can take on whoever your opponent picks, as long as you know what your doing, that is.I won't go over the other things that other reviews usually do, like graphics, sound, and story, because, as a REAL gamer, I know that those things have nothing to do with what makes a real game. My main concerns are gameplay, replay value, and, of course, how fun it is; SSBM cover each of these perfectly. The controls are so simple, even novice players will be dodging, throwing, and dishing out the damage like a pro. As for replay value, the options you get in multiplayer mode are so expansive, I haven't even gone through all the different variations you can try, and I've owned the game for over a year. First, you have the original option of timed battle and stock battle, but you now have two additional options: coin, where the object is to get the most coins, which appear when a player recieves damage, and bonus, which involves getting the most style points, like the bonuses you recieve after battles in one-player mode. In addition to this, there are several battle variations that are available, such as giant battle, where all the players are extra-large, and super sudden death, where every player starts with 300% damage. There are several other little things, but I don't want to list them all, and besides, you can look that kind of stuff up elsewhere. As for fun, let's just I can play SSBM for hours, if I had that many hours in a row free to play it.Bottom line: If you have friends that you could get to play video games with you, get this. If not, don't rule SSBM out, but give it some thought.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is the *BEST* multiplayer action game out on ANY system. play as one of many different unique characters, and beat um up with your characters unique skills moves and styles. The only problem i see with this game, is the fact that it may look a little "cute" but once you start playing, or get some of the cooler characters, like Marth (my favorite) or ganondorf you won't be able to drop your controller. 1 player mode is not what this game is intended for so grab some friends, or maybe some enemies, and beat the virtual snot out of each other.*Warning highly addictivly fun*
3	B00005Q8M0	This game is in definate contention for best game of the year on any list.Super Smash Brothers Melee has Everything that the original Super Smash Brothers has and a whole lot more.  All the characters, levels, character moves, and items have returned, with the addition of a whole bunch of new goodies in each of these areas.  (a total of 25 characters, twice as many levels as the original game, and a whole bunch of new items).But perhaps the biggest advancement from the original is the addition of many more gaming options.  The biggest of these is the Adventure mode, which for the most part is a suped up version of some old side scrolling games that the characters originated from including an impressive level that closely resembles something out of the original Super Mario Brothers.With great representations of Nintendo characters past and present that include Mario, Princess Peach, Bowser, Jiggly Puff, Pichu, and a couple of guys that never made it to the US in their own game Prince Marth and Roy, this game had the ability to be the sole purpose for my obtaining a GameCube in the first place.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is a completely awesome game in millions of ways.Graphics:9/10. Some of the best around, with great backgrounds and smooth characters and cartoony clouds the graphics are spectacular.Sound:9/10. The characters make all sorts of cool noises. Music and explosions are cool too.Control:8/10: Easy to learn and easy to play but can get a little annoying.Characters:10/10: All your favorite nintendo characters out to duke it out.Replay:10/10. Well duh! Of course you can play this game twice. And twice again. And again and again and again.Pros:Great graphicsAwesome music and voicesAll your favorite nintendo characters4-player modeCons:Certan lack of a story.game may cause loss of sleepOverall fun:10/10
3	B00005Q8M0	When it comes to multiplayer "party" games, fighting sims have usually been relegated to the older audiences for games such as Mortal Combat or other more graphic experiences.  With "Super Smash Bros. Melee" for the Nintendo Gamecube, however, the contestants are none other than the colorful characters from Nintendo's cannon of crazy caricatures participating in some cartoonish smash-and-dash.Besides the tight controls and great visuals/locals, the true hallmark of this game is the attributes of each individual character, which provides "something for everyone".  If you just like mashing people?  Go for Donkey Kong.  Love to shoot a bow & wield a sword?  Then Link is your character.  The list could go on and on, as each character has abilities that make them unique to the game and allow for almost endless combinations.Overall, "Melee" is perhaps the most engaging multiplayer GCN game ever created (with the possible exception of Double Dash).  Literally hours of fun can be had pummeling your friends with Nintendo's characters and earning the bragging rights to go along with it.
3	B00005Q8M0	This is an amazing fighting game in which you can play as a lot of the nintendo characters.  It is four players.  It has over 20 characters and a load of stages.  It is a great improvement from the nintendo 64 version (which was already good).  I like Super Smash Bros Melee so much that I even enjoy it more than Super Smash Bros Brawl.  Also I recommend playing it on GameCube instead of Wii so you can get the full experience.  I don't have much more to say you just have to play it.
3	B00005Q8M0	THIS GAME RULES!If you are a fan of the N64 version you will love this.  Packed with secrets and bonuses, you are sure to be adicted within a few minutes.  A definete must in you Gamecube library!
3	B00005Q8M0	Super Smash Brothers Melee is amazing. The graphics are great and the multiplayer too. There are lots of characters and levels to unlock. I played the old Super Smash Bros. and  it is nothing compared to this. The only downside is that the one player mode gets boring after just a little while of playing it. This is one awsome game and anyone should try it, who has a Gamecube.
3	B00005Q8M4	This is a dark and thrilling game! The game play is smooth and the story is entertaining. Its a must for every game collection. I love that the game plays with you wile your playing it.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is the best game I have played in awhile.  First the plot is good, it makes you want to play the game just to find out what is going to happen next.  The game is challenging, the enemies are pretty hard to kill, and not only do you have a health meter to watch but a sanity meter, as well.  This game gives you a variety of charcters to play as and allows you to live the storyline from each charcters perspective.  This way it is hard to get bored or distracted.  One thing also I must give credit for is the thought put into the plot of this game.  You can tell that a lot of time was spent with the plot and it turned out really good.
3	B00005Q8M4	I have to first give a big thanks to those who over the years have written reviews for this game. I was not a GameCube owner, but am a Wii owner who has been a bit disappointed in the lack of horror games. Thankfully the Wii is compatible with GameCube games. After reading about the influences of Lovecraft and Poe I decided to invest in this recently. Honestly I wasn't expecting much, but what a wonderful surprise this has been. While fighting with the ghouls can be a bit awkward the historic storyline is great. I am enjoying the puzzles, but must say the sanity meter is what is making me love my recent purchase. The fact that gameplay is effected to the point where it is disorientating is fantastic. When a horror game makes its way into my dreams I know it is a good one. Thanks for those great reviews and guiding me towards this! Wii owners looking for some survival horror might want to invest in this.
3	B00005Q8M4	This is the first survival-horror game that I've ever played.  I never really got into the genre, but this game always intrigued me.  I read about it when it first came out, and the game's new feature of the sanity meter sounded really cool.  One of my friends (who is now my roommate) has the game, so I finally tried it, and was blown away.Right from the beginning, things start off creepy, and they only get worse (which, for players, means better).  You start out as Alex Roivas, a young woman in her 20's whose grandfather was recently murdered.  The police are stumped, because there doesn't appear to be any sign of a break-in, nor does it look like Grandpa Edward Roivas put up much of a fight.  This would normally lead to a ruling of suicide, but the state in which they found the body makes suicide an impossibility.  Alex decides to investigate herself, and you navigate her grandfather's mansion.  Everything in it references the dark and macabre, from paintings of murderers to books in the library about some of the darkest periods in history (the Inquisition, the Salem witch burnings).  Eventually, Alex discovers a book called the Tome of Eternal Darkness.  When she reads it, she is transported to another time, place, and body.  Whenever players "read" a new chapter of the book, they take over as another character in another historical period.  A Roman centurion, a young Cambodian girl, a British photographer, and a few of the Roivas ancestors are just a few of the people that you'll control throughout the ages.As the story unfolds (which depends on a choice you make as the centurion), you learn about the Ancients, three god-like beings fighting for control of the world, and if one is summoned, will reign destruction upon the galaxy.Not only is the story engaging, the gameplay is great.  The weapons and magic system are great.  I love the fact that you can design your own spells before you are actually "supposed" to learn them.  This game has some really cool weapons, like the elephant gun, the broadsword, the double-barreled shotgun, and the fireman's axe, which is great for chopping off heads.  Due to a unique and great aiming system, you can aim at specific body parts, being able to chop off heads or arms.The other aspect of gameplay is the sanity meter.  Sanity is a running theme throughout the game.  As your sanity decreases, weird things start to happen, and not just to your character in the game.  Many of the effects are directed at the player, and even if you know what might happen (like me), many of them will still catch you off guard.  And while some effects do effect the characters (many of them foreshadow future events that will happen to them), they do rattle the cages of the players as well.  This game has an insanity effect that targets Alex, and it is the only thing in a video game that has EVER made me jump is shock and even horror.I guess the one thing that I would change is the whole "choose your path" thing at the beginning of the game.  You have three paths to choose from, but they are, for all intents and purposes, the same.  The only thing that changes between path to path is the Ancient that Pious summons, which does have a few effects.  The color of that ancient will play an important role througout the game, but besides that, the missions are all exactly the same.  In order to get the full ending, you have to play the game 3 times through (one with each Ancient), but it would be more of an incentive if each Ancient had a different path to play.  Oh well, it's a small grievance.Overall, this is one of the most interesting, creepy, and all-around fun games in a while.  It may be too intense for some people, but I urge you to give it a try.
3	B00005Q8M4	The opinions I've read below on this game seem to be about 80% who absolutely love it and 20% who hate it, and as far as I can tell the people who hate it are either young children who can't appreciate anything other than a hack-n-slash gorefest, folks who prefer shallow, poorly constructed games such as Resident Evil, or worst of all, people who only played it for five minutes or not at all. I fall in with those who love it.Eternal Darkness didn't get the promotion or the acclaim it deserved when it came out, but don't let that fool you. It's still one of the best games on any of the current generation of consoles, hands down.This game is all about mood. Play it at night with all the lights out. Everything from the lighting to the ambient sounds is designed to establish a creepy feeling, and it really hits home in several key parts, especially when your sanity meter is running low.Ah, the sanity meter. Yes, it's every bit as crazy as you've read. One reviewer wrote that there are only 10 different insanity effects. He most likely avoided going insane most of the way through the game, because the truth is there are around 100 different effects, ranging from minor things you'll barely notice to "What the...?" I won't spoil them for you, as they're one of the best parts of the game.It's got a compelling storyline and a mythos based on the works of H.P. Lovecraft. You control 13 different playable characters who all exist at different points in history. Although there are really only 4 different stages, each of which is repeated a few times by different characters, the stages do change from one visit to the next, sometimes making them very different places from last time you saw them.The gameplay itself involves navigating through the stages with one of the characters, encountering several types of creatures, and solving puzzles. The combat system gives each character several different weapons, including close-range, long-range and projectile combat. You can target different areas on a creature's body, some more effective than others. There is also a highly satisfying magic-casting system where you combine sets of runes to make new spells.You may notice in other reviews that some claim the game is way too easy, while others say it's too hard. Some also said the game is too short. What happens is, at the beginning of the game there are three different branches you can take in the story, and these dictate the difficulty of your quest as well as the creatures you encounter, including a completely different mid-game boss creature in each branch. However, once you complete the game once, you can go back and start again with one of the other possible stories, and when you complete all three you are treated to a special ending.If you're looking for a quick fix shoot-em-up scare-me bloodfest, don't bother. If you're looking for a disturbing and riveting game that will stay with you long after you turn off your GameCube, don't let this one pass you by!
3	B00005Q8M4	I LOVED this game. A real gaming milestone in every sense of the word.  One of the best and most complex, immersive, satisfying gaming experiences of my life -- I've been obsessed with it for THREE WEEKS.  I played it three times through, and was never bored once.ETERNAL DARKNESS: SANITY'S REQUIEM offers everything gamers hope for in a game (and far too often, are disappointed): a strong heroine, great and interesting and very varied characters (you will play for more than 12 -- young, old, male, female, fat, thin, etc, throughout history), a  fantastic storyline, superb rendering for the GC with no visible load times or slowdowns.Absolutely not for kids (it's violent and really, really scary), ETERNAL DARKNESS is a smart, violent, atmospheric -- and an unbelievably great combination of adventure and combat. The visuals, puzzles, and powers just get better and better as the game progresses, and the finale is moving and unexpectedly intelligent (the whole game is beautifully written and as satisfying as finishing a great novel).NON-SPOILERY ADVICE: Save often, experiment with spells as soon as you have enough runes, and target the heads (R-targeting in combo with stick allows you to choose which body parts of enemies to go after).  I would also suggest that -- if you get stuck -- you use hint systems versus walkthroughs (which in this case especially can spoil the game).NOTE: It is very important when you are playing KARIM (Ch4), ROBERTO (Ch8), and MICHAEL EDWARDS (Ch11) that you fully explore the levels. You should come away with something important here that will affect gameplay in the finale. There is also an extra and very important magical item discovery to be made when playing DR. LINDSEY (Chapter 6) that will affect gameplay enormously (and it's just loads of fun) so be aware you should complete this level with yet another magical weapon of sorts.However, please note that you can skip all of the above and still finish the game, it's just harder (and not as much fun, as the extra spellcasting is part of the coolness).STARTING UP: I would suggest playing the Ulyaoth (BLUE, magical) alignment first (have Pious pick the blue artifact in the beginning), then if you replay (and the game offers wonderful replay incentives with different monsters, key moments, and levels of difficulty for each of three different levels), you can play Chatturgha (RED, health) which is a bit tougher combatwise but with slightly easier boss battles.  If you play a third time for the secret ending (and it was a lot of fun), play Xelotath (GREEN, sanity) last. It's hardest of the three but at that point you'll have the experience to know what to do, and can (...)and enjoy the gameplay.  Completing the game a second time gives you more illuminating final dialogue and the chance to skip to the sections of your choice, while completing a third time offers a secret (and vital) extended epilogue covering all three of the games you just finished -- and what they really mean.And ED:SR isn't just about health or magical powers like most games, but also requires that you maintain your character's sanity. I would therefore totally recommend allowing your character's sanity levels to drop deliberately from time to time, just because the insanity stuff is so inventive and is so much fun. And be warned -- if the game suddenly does some strange things to you, or you find your controls acting strangely, don't be too hasty to restart or check your console, as ED:SR likes to play with your head as well as your character's!Ultimately this is a brilliant and worthy title for the Gamecube -- one I wish they would continue with in a sequel or follow-up (I'd buy it without even reading a review).So if you're at all adventurous, buy it, try it, and by the time you're through, you won't be disappointed. Although you may not be all that sane, either... ;-)
3	B00005Q8M4	If you're a Resident Evil fan, and plan on getting a Cube, this game should be added to your list, PRONTO!  A bit of a twist on a Survival Horror being the fact of the new 'sanity meter' players slowly lose their sanity as they progress through levels, and the only way to regain what sanity you have left is to destory creatures of the undead in levels.  And if you don't do your job, you lose what little grasp you have left on reality.  From it being you actually losing arms when you leave a room, or to all your items gone, only to see a bright flash appear realizing you only imagined it all... and with time the illusions become worse.. what could they all lead to, or what could they all mean..?  What can I say?  Stuning graphics, great game play and oh we can't forget the hours of gameplay now can we?  Reported from Silicon Knights themselves almost 70 hours of play, and that's not going through all the secrets in the game.  The only disappointment right now is, it's been pushed back until about Febuary sometime, but hey don't worry, when this game comes out, go get it.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is a definite "one of a kind" game.  And that's got to be the best thing going for it.  The idea that your character can actually lose their sanity puts an interesting twist on what could have been just another "good" game.  The whole idea and implementation of the sanity effects pushes ED into a class of it's own.The game itself kind of feels like a cross between Resident Evil and Silent Hill.  With similar control and the 3-D environments.  It's not as freaky as Silent Hill, but I did at times get some goose bumps from the screams that were in the background when my character was losing it.  And there are a variety of different effects that can happen when your character does lose their sanity.  But don't let anyone tell you what they are if you plan on playing it yourself, it is better to experience them for yourself and be surprised.After while of losing your sanity and seeing what happens, you don't trust the game anymore.  An interesting idea.  I have never seen a game where I didn't trust what it was showing me.  This effect of the sanity is the main selling point I believe in Eternal Darkness.  It's a good game, even if that wasn't present, but it would lose a lot of its "punch" without it.After a while though you pretty much know when the game is showing you some hallucination and while it's neat to watch, sometimes you just want it to be over and get on with playing.  So you have to heal your Sanity Levels up quite often.  The monsters you encounter drain your sanity by just looking at you, and you sanity goes down so fast that you could lose a lot of sanity in a short period of time.  This is most likely what the producers had in mind, so that your character go insane faster, but sometimes you wish that you could just get through an area without losing so much sanity.The story, while not ground breaking is pretty interesting.  How they tie together 12 different character from different points in time to one flowing storyline is quite well done.  The characters that you play as play very similar to each other, except with some small variances, like a heavy person running out of breath sooner than someone who is in better shape.  Again, while this is neat, after a while it seems like that all the characters are pretty much the same with no real advantages to anyone in particular.  There are small differences but not enough to feel like you are playing as someone totally different and unique.The graphics are very good.  The character models are a bit clunky on some of the characters, but most of them are at least adequate.  They aren't gong to amaze you like Resident Evil, but they aren't the worst either.  The environments are where the graphical power of ED is shown.  The backgrounds and environments are great to behold.  To light reflecting in mirrors, to mist rolling across the floor, the environments are a sight to see.  The only problem is, you keep going over the same environments throughout the game.  While you play with 12 different characters, you are pretty much covering the same areas with most of them.  There are some differences, but a lot of it seems to be about in the same places.  They are a few different "main" areas that the characters seem to cover.  One may go to one of the "main" areas while another character may go to the other one.  But that's one thing that could have been better, to see different areas instead of just a few.Overall though I would say that ED is worth getting and adding to your GameCube collection.  I won't say it's the best game ever, because it's not, but it is a very good game with some minor flaws, but most games do have them right?  I know I sound a bit critical of the game, but I really did like it.  I just didn't find it nearly as fun to play as the Resident Evil for the GameCube.  And I don't see myself going through the game again anytime soon, I didn't see any replay value there.
3	B00005Q8M4	In a style more similar to "Onimusha" than "Resident Evil", "Eternal Darkness" is one of the Gamecube's most hyped game, and one gamers have been waiting forever for. I bought the game recently, and have been playing it almost non-stop. There are some pitfalls that gamers might encounter, but overall, it is a great game. Here is the breakdown:Pros:1. Details. I read somewhere that it took over 4 years to make this game, and you can see where the effort went. The various environments are very well detailed, and the animation is as fluid as they come. The sound and music add to the ambient atmosphere. Sometimes, the music is as insane as the visuals.2. Originality. The story line in "Eternal Darkness" is unlike anything I have ever seen. The idea being that you play several different characters in various points in history is something new to me, and it gives a new spin on what would otherwise be a "Resident Evil" standard hack 'n' slash.3. Gameplay. Whatever your skill with video games, this will give you a good challenge. In ED, you have not only to worry about you life meter, but your sanity meter. Throughout the game, your sanity wains the more enemies you cross. This alters your perception. This is an innovative twist. The controls are responsive and easy to grasp the first time playing. A fair warning: The action get pretty intense pretty fast, so be ready.4. Replay value. With 11 chapters, spanning a good 15-20 hours, there is a lot of reasons to go back. Actions and choices you make early on change the direction of the game, so you are guaranteed something different each time.Cons:1. Frustration. Even seasoned "Resident Evil" fans might find the puzzled a bit frustrating at times. To be honest, I didn't even get to the first chapter until I read through the guide. The clues are as cryptic as the puzzles sometimes, so some parts might be unreasonably hard. Much of the gameplay is trial and error, so a guide is recommended.2. The healing items don't recover much on the life meter, so sometimes recovering health is a tricky thing. This makes the game all the more hard.As you guessed, I really enjoyed this game, despite some moments of frustration when I had to double-back to find something I didn't get. Will you like it? Fans who like the ultraviolence of "Resident Evil", the puzzle-solving elements of "Silent Hill", and the real time combat of "Devil May Cry" will love this game. Gamers who want something more strait-forward probably will not.
3	B00005Q8M4	There have been quite a few attempts at video games based upon Lovecraft's Cthulhu mythos, but they never seem to make it to the market.  Although Eternal Darkness is set within its own little universe, it borrows heavily from the mythos, and Lovecraft's influence is readily apparent.The game begins when your character, Alexandra Roivas, decides to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding her grandfather's death at their ancestral mansion.  Through an absolutely brilliant plot device, the player is able to take control of many of Alex's ancestors from ages past and several other characters from all over the world.  Each of these chapters help the player piece together the mystery and reveal the hidden agenda of a group of extremely powerful and malevolent entities.Gameplay is very smooth.  Holding down one controller button allows you to lock on an enemy target, and with a flick of the control stick you can aim at specific body parts.  Some baddies fall when they are decapitated, some you have to take apart limb by limb before they will fall.  As with most third person games, camera angles are fixed and sometimes problematic, as you may find yourself being disembowled by some horror just off screen.Combat is relatively well balanced, and the puzzles in the game find a way to be interesting without being terribly difficult.  the graphics are quite good, many monsters can be on the screen without any noticeable slowdown.  The monsters themselves are quite detailed and look great, but they don't vary a whole lot towards the earlier part of the game.The magic system is very cool.  You must find runes of power hidden throughout the game (often inside of monsters).  Each rune corresponds to an alignment, an effect, and a target.  By mixing and matching the runes, you can create many different spells.  There's also a large variety of mundane weaponry to collect and to toss a beating with.Each of the characters you control seem to have their own strengths and weaknesses.  Some are excellent melee fighters, some excel at throwing spells.  Some have a ton of health, while others are quite fragile.By far the coolest aspect of the game (and the part that perhaps owes more than a little to Chaosim's Call of Cthulhu roleplaying game) is the sanity system.  Everytime you undergo something hideously supernatural, you lose a little bit of your mind as you struggle to grasp the situation.  This manifests as hallucinations, both visual and audial.  You may get an unexpected phone call, or have a horrible vision of your own demise.  This effect is truly very creepy.  I've already had statues come to life and watch me cross an empty hallway.  I've seen walls bleed, and bugs crawl across my television screen.  There are several ways to regain your sanity, but sometimes it's just fun letting it fall a little bit to see how creepy things can really get.Resident Evil may have been an inspiration for Eternal Darkness, but it is a poor comparison.  This game is truly a wonder to experience, and definitely a killer title for the GC.  It's worth every penny.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is, ladies and gentleman, all that and a super size bag of chips.  I rented this game and I was blown away!! So you know what I did? I rented it again.  I simply love this game.  The sanity meter is most definitely the best and MOST FUN part of the game.  I'm not going to tell you the sanity effects because trust me, it ruins it.  I can tell you however that it's hilarious fun watching insanity take its toll on your character...and you.  This game will mess with your head.  It's what gaming has been waiting for, a game that actually involves YOU, makes YOU part of the storyline and makes YOU think about what's real, and what's part of the game.  That's one of the ingenious features this game has: the insanely (no pun intendid) fine line between fantasy and reality.  What helps add to this is that musical score is mind-boggling.  The sound effects have been crafted so finely that it's scary.  The sound of your feet while walking on a wood floor get muffled as you step onto a carpet.  The voice acting is terrific (despite the opening scene where we see Alex crying.  It sounds like she's laughing...) and the graphics, while marginal at the beginning, seem to shape up for some reason as the game progresses.  To save both of us the time, just go get this game.  Don't ask questions.  Be like Nike, Just Do It.
3	B00005Q8M4	I remember when this game came out and it got rave reviews from just about every critic out there.I just don't understand why this game didn't do better than it did.Maybe because a lot of people out there aren't familiar with Lovecraft's "Ancient Ones".Tragic.I'd put this game at the top of my all time favorite list any day.Yeah, the graphics aren't too hot by today's standards but when a game comes along that is this unique and actually takes chances, it's a game worth playing.The good?Everything.The story is top notch.You get to play as a variety of character each with different skills, weapons.You get three different meters.Health, magic, and my favorite......the sanity meter.Each character has different levels of health, magic and sanity.When your sanity meter starts to get drained, LOOK OUT.Your character starts going all wonky till you kill enough enemies to regain sanity.The bad?Nothing really.The graphics are pretty ugly even for a cube game but that very minor quip aside...I've played this game countless times and I'll play it many more.It's replayability is almost endless as right in the beginning you have to choose between three different paths (Gods).Incredible game.Replayable, gutsy and innovative.Highest recommendations.
3	B00005Q8M4	Well to be fair this is also the only psychological horror action-adventure game on any platform that I know of.This unique game has an amazing atmosphere and really great soundtrack. The graphics are also really good.You play the game as the grand-daughter of some guy that just died and so you visit her mansion. While you are there you start finding chapters of this ancient book and for each chapter you find you get to play as the character the chapter is about. The first chapter is a guy from ancient roman times so your gameplay is a legionaire with a sword... during your play of the first chapter you make choice that effects the rest of the games story so you can play the game three times with the three choices available to you at the end of the first chapter. If you play all three story lines then you get the full ending...First play through took me about 20 hours. Second and Third time took me more like 10-12 hours each cause the puzzles are pretty challenging the first time through.I think there is something like 12 or so chapters and in each one you play a different character. Everything from legionaire to priests to reporters to fire-men. Male and female characters both. In between chapters you have to spend time with the lead character in the mansion finding the next chapter.The story of the game makes it well worth playing through three times. It is a classic and it deserves the good reputation it has.
3	B00005Q8M4	I was hesitant to get Eternal Darkness simply because I thought that it would be another wasted Resident Evil look-alike that was terrible. However, after reading many great reviews of Eternal Darkness, I simply knew that I had to get it! Let me say right away that I wasn't disappointed by the game! In fact, it's the most original game to ever come to a platform, and it started a new genre, psychological horror. This genre tampers into your brain, using something known as a Sanity System. When the sanity of your character becomes low, you begin to experience things such as blood running down walls, T.V. visuals such as MUTE on and the screen going black while it says VIDEO on it, and then you go back to the game as your character wimpers. This adds a lot to the game, and it gives the whole gaming world a little something extra!In the game, the plot is consisting around three ancient artifacts and the Ancients, a powerful race of aged beings, consisting of monsters such as zombies, giant bear-looking things, and spider-like creatures known as Guardians. All of the creatures live in an ancient city, and as twelve characters spanning 2000 years, you must defeat the darkness and save the light. This is another awesome feature, where you play as anything from an ancient Roman soldier to a modern-day Canadian firefighter. You will have a variety of spells and weapons to use, such as anything from Flintlock Pistols to military OICWs. Most game do not have numerous characters, and this feature make Eternal Darkness all the more interesting. The graphics are good, especially since Nintendo had to remake them(this game was supposed to come out of N64). The sound is good, with haunting music and pretty good voiceovers. Combat can be weak, but the slashing of zombies a thousand times over with a magically enhanced sword should give you pleasure in fighting! Gameplay is smooth, and the controls are easy to get used to, much easier than Resident Evil's odd control scheme. Puzzles are complex but not impossible, unlike RE's which could take days to figure out how to solve. The game is fairly linear without much coming-and-going such as in RE, and it is definitely not as linear as first-person shooters, which is a sigh of relief! You'll find the game to be a joyful experience for any gamer out there, and if you like Nintendo games or anything with Resident Evil schemes this game may just have a place in your gaming heart!
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is a great game. I enjoyed it a lot. It is like House of Dead and Zelda with the zombies poping up to get you. It is Mature for a reason and may be scary because it is so realistic, but overall a exteremely fabulous game.
3	B00005Q8M4	Enternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem made by: Nintendo of American is a EXCELLENT game to play on Nintendo GameCube game consoleI give it 5 Stars "Highly Recommended" REALLY WORTH IT TO BUY this game & play it on your Nintendo GameCubeIf anyone have a Nintendo GameCube MUST HAVE GAME TO BUY AND PLAY
3	B00005Q8M4	Lucky Nintendo fans - first the remake of Resident Evil, and now Eternal Darkness, yet another horror game in which you are killing zombies in a mansion with limited ammo.  The similarities stop there, though, as ED manages to blow the doors off of everything Resident Evil established.The plot is ED's shinest feature - you literally watch a supernatural cult develop through 2000 years of history.  Large, Lovecraftian creatures who think nothing of swallowing small planets like Earth are battling each other across the universe and we just happen to be at the wrong place.  You'll explore a few special temples at various points in history, as a Roman legionare, or Gulf-war firefighter, or Franciscan monk, or Indiana Jones-type archeologist, etc.  It's fascinating to visit the same places 200 years later and watch how they change, or how different people in history react to supernatural oddities.Gamewise, ED is pretty standard for survival horror - exploration, puzzles, and combat.  The exploration is fun because of the above mentioned time-traveling element, and the puzzles are rather easy, with hardly a stumper in the enter game.  Combat is perhaps the best, with the right combination of stratgey and action.  Monsters are pretty easy to pick off by themselves, but it takes time, and they often come at you in waves, forcing you to think fast and direct your attacks effectively.  Magic is very fun, in that you can explore and experiment, learning new spells before the game is ready to give them to you.The much touted "insanty effects" are very interesting, and certainly add to the spine-crawling horror of the game, but I felt it was too easy to avoid them.  I don't want to give everything away, but as you encounter strange monsters your sanity level drops, and eventually the walls start bleeding, statues and paints turn their heads to look at you, and even weirder things happen, including effects that jump out at you the player, and not just the character.Graphically, I can't say ED is "perfect".  It can be pretty ugly at times, especially the character models, and the animation is kinda weird.All signs say this game doesn't play well a second time through - you know the story, and the magic system completely.  There is only 1 real secret in the game, and 1 alternate ending.  Maybe it might be interesting to re-experience the very complicated plot a second time, but certainly not a third.  Still, I consider ED a worthy purchase, my first for the Gamecube, in fact.  Buy it.
3	B00005Q8M4	&quot;Eternal Darkness:&quot; The one game that has affected my very being. It has great gameplay, fantastic graphics, phenomenal sound effects... but the best time to play this is after midnight. With the lights out. With no one else in the room. You hear and see things in the game that make your character go mad... and what is most satisfying about this game, is how it affects you afterwards. You go to bed- &quot;Was that a noise I just heard?&quot; Fear overtakes your life... you literally start to go insane...*cough* So yeah, anyway, this is a must-own game, for the one and only Gamecube. It's incredibly non-linear, which only makes the experience more exciting. The controls are swift and fast, the graphics are crisp and clean, the framerate is a constant 60fps, with no slowdown whatsoever, the story is unlike anything I've ever seen before, and the overall experience is just plain nauseating (in a good way). Go buy this game, before the darkness comes...
3	B00005Q8M4	In 1996 I picked up a game made by an unheard of developer called Silicon Knights. The game was the epic Blood Omen: The Legacy of Kain. Since then Silicon Knights have been my developer simply because of the brilliance behind the story, and while Crystal Dynamics have done a decent job with Kain since, none of the current stories light a candle to the original.It has been four years in development, and Eternal Darkness has been well worth the wait. I have only spent a few hours with this game, but what I have played so far is a refreshing experience literally all its own. This game cannot be compared to Resident Evil at all. Walking dead aside this game bares no resemblance to the survival horror genre. Co-developed by Nintendo the game has a Nintendo style of game play that is ingenious, beautiful, smooth, and brilliant.The graphic are not on par with Resident Evil, but yet is still breath taking, and it is one of the better-looking GCN games. But this game was never about graphics anyway. With Silicon Knights it's never about graphics, but an intriguing story line of epic proportions. Despite the low polygon character models the subtlety of the games details is amazing. Small things like a floor filled with screaming faces are both disturbing, and appreciated. Too bad Capcom never thought that one up.The best part of this game is the sound. This is the best sounding game I have ever heard on any game on any console. Resident Evil has the best Graphics; Eternal Darkness has the best sound. The music isn't much to sing songs of praise about, but the ambience of the game, and the way things sound distant when they're in the background... the amazingly realistic sound effects... and dare I mention the voice acting? So far I swear I have heard the voices of Simon Templeman (known for his role as Kain, playing Pias Augustas) Rene Aburjonis (SP?) (Best known as Odo in DS9, but also Janus Aldron in the recent Legacy of Kain games) and possibly Michael Bell (Knows for his role as Raziel). I'm not sure on this because I have not seen the cast, but its nice to hear voices that I know and love behind this game. The voice acting, aside from Alex's fake sounding crying, is on par with Legacy of Kain, probably because of the voice actor's selected for the game. Simply one of the best.The most interesting thing about this game is the packaging. The fact that this game is developed by Silicon Knights is in fine print. Nintendo is making it very clear this very M rated video game is a Nintendo game, and considering that Nintendo themselves co-developed it its a claim that they are entitled to. I was aware that Silicon Knights was a Nintendo Second Party, but from the looks of it, SK may have been made a part of Nintendo, much like EAD, HAL, and R&D;, which would be a brilliant move on Nintendo's part. SK could single handedly target the adult audiences that Nintendo is making an extra effort to obtain. I have a feeling this won't be the last Nintendo made M rated title. I hope it will be the first of a new trend because this game so far was well worth the wait... especially when the weird things start happening.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness. You may recall hearing about this game a few years ago. Not surprising for this game has been in development for over 2 years. It started its life on the N64 and has since then moved to the GameCube. After the long wait, was it worth it? Simply put... YES! Some people may dub this as a Resident Evil clone. Sure, they both involve zombies and you fighting for your life, but that's about the only similarities.One thing that seperates the two games is the controls. The controls in ED are simple and allow for an easy and enjoyable zombie killing experience. So you won't find yourself stumbling around with the controls just to stay alive. Also, there's a magick system which adds to the gameplay and the puzzles in the game. Something that ED introduces into the horror genre is the Sanity Meter. As you run into enemies and don't kill them off, your character becomes more and more insane. And when that happens, well, weird things start to happen. This sort of thing makes you sometimes question things in the game like "Is this some illusion or what?" Great feeling. ED sports some great graphics. They may not look as nice as the graphics seen in RE but they get the job done. The sound in this game is Grade A. For example, you may enter a room in this game and hear cyrstal clear whispers or footsteps. And the voice acting is great. Perhaps the best voice acting seen thus far in a game.Overall, this is a great game for the GameCube. It is one heck of an enjoyable experience and will last the average gamer at least 15 hours of play time. Truly a great edition to anyones GameCube library. The Darkness Comes...
3	B00005Q8M4	Where to start, oh yes, the title.  To put it bluntly, its awful, its almost laugh-out loud funny.  Any game that has a stupid artsy phrase like Sanity's Requiem in the title is going to be a bit full of itself.  The developers needed to tone down some of the dialogue in this game.  The chapter introductions left me wincing on more than one occasion with their extremely over-the-top and frankly cliched speechs.  But its only one part of this game, moving on to the others.  The graphics are deceptively beautiful, they're not going to make your jaw drop like Resident Evil, but once you get into the world, you'll begin to respect them.  The amount of genuine creepiness in this game dwarfs all of the pseudo scares in the wayward Resident Evil remake.  The gameplay is also deceptively complex, the wide variety of spells and weapons keep the game fresh, and enthralling throughout.  The targeting of limbs is rather gruesome but very effective, Resident Evil needs to implement it now.  The sound effects and music are some of the best ever, going from very beautiful to very off-putting in perfect transition is not easy to do, but its done here flawlessly.  The story is very unique, and absolutely intriguing.  It takes some real left turns now and then, and thats the only way I like it.  The game gets very very gruesome near the end, and surprisingly disturbing.  Witness Maximillians little rampage, its just not pretty.  The Bonethiefs are somewhat a knockoff of Body Snatchers and that kind of thing, but are no less scary.  To point out another thing, I love the basic names given to these enemies.  I mean Bonethief is just slightly off, I don't know I'm probably overanalyzing.  Anyway, this game leaves the best stuff for last, so if you're like me and were thoroughly disgusted with the opening narration and somewhat over-the-top theatrics of the first couple of chapters, it only gets better, much much better.  And when you're done, you'll actually feel like you've been told a fantastic story and participated in it along the way.  It's nice to see Nintendo showing some balls and actually producing a game as risky as this, and putting it proudly along side its kiddie fare.  Buy buy buy.
3	B00005Q8M4	this game will make you question your own mental state! the graphics are good and the game play is smooth and the controls are simple. you will never really get stuck as there are tons of possible solutions to puzzles.the magic system is fun and the insanitty system can really get to you if you like to play late at night. the story may seem convoluted at the begining, but eventually it all makes sense. a very fun game that lasts a whileand is not a resident evil clone. ONE OF GAMECUBE'S BEST!!!!
3	B00005Q8M4	My son plays with this one often. I tried it but it really is not for me. THe game plays well without any glitches, but its not PC so it works.
3	B00005Q8M4	At long last, and with much fanfare, the Gamecube has entered the realm of Eternal Darkness.  There's been much ado about the fact that Nintendo was so involved with the development of this title, in an apparent departure from its supposed "kiddie" mentality. The hands-on work was done by Silicon Knights (Blood Omen on the PSX).  Was the game worth the wait?It's hard to classify Eternal Darkness into any single genre, which ends up being the game's biggest flaw.  ED doesn't have the dread factor of pure horror games like Resident Evil or Silent Hill, simply because the enemies in the game are dispatched rather easily.  The much-lauded insanity effects are certainly entertaining, but they are very obvious for the most part when they occur, which really detracts from the sense of involvement so vital to games of this type.  All things considered, ED has to be classified as an adventure game, despite Silicon Knights' and Nintendo's intention that it be a horror title.With that in mind, ED's strengths are major:  the audio and the story.  The game uses Dolby 5.1 to genius effect, with wonderful sound effects and a brilliant score (which changes to period-specific styles, fitting the timeline-driven story perfectly).  The voice-acting is among the best ever recorded, and supports one of the best plots ever conceived in a game.  These two things alone propel ED to the top of this year's releases, for all systems.However, the gameplay itself isn't quite up to the quality of the audio.  Trying to target enemies in confined spaces can be frustrating, and the frequent graphical clipping doesn't help.  There is also no moveable in-game camera, which would have been very helpful.  Some of the puzzles are also needlessly vague.  On the other hand, the magick system is superbly implemented.  The sanity meter is a nice addition, but the PS2 RPG Shadow Hearts' Sanity Points system affects the gameplay much more directly.  Most of the signs of insanity in Eternal Darkness are window dressing (albeit cool window dressing!), but little more.  If ED's insanity effects had been more subtle and more creative, they would have been much more involving.ED is a technical masterpiece that controls perfectly and sounds fantastic.  Its graphics show its N64 roots, with the aforementioned clipping and blocky character models, but are still super-cool to look at.  However, it seems that ED suffers from over-development, and Silicon Knights probably had too much time and too much input from Nintendo during the long development cycle.  It appears that somewhere along the line, SK lost focus.  As a result, ED is stuck somewhere between Resident Evil and Soul Reaver, unsure of its own identity.  Is it a horror game?  Kinda.  An action game?  Sorta.  Is it an adventure game with fast-paced combat, RE-style puzzles and backtracking, a Lovecraft-inspired storyline, and a few horror-based gameplay elements?  Yeah, that's about it.  See what I'm getting at?  Innovation is certainly welcome, but loses power when the game itself feels spread too thin.  Perhaps the developers suffered from their own loss of sanity...?  Despite this, Eternal Darkness is one of the strongest entries on the Gamecube, and is a powerful statement that the console is not just for kids.Fans of survival horror games should be warned that ED might not live up to their expectations, but anyone wanting a mature-themed, well-written, masterfully produced and involving adventure should take note:  The Darkness Has Come.
3	B00005Q8M4	This is a good game.  I bought it and then I played it.  Fun was had by all.
3	B00005Q8M4	First of all I wanna start off by saying this is the best Gc game yet and people who have been complaining about not having a top quality lengthy game for their gamecube have finally got what they wanted. But this game doesn't seem to be as popular as it deserves to be which is SOOOO strange considering how many people keep on complaining about not having too many adult orientated games on the gamecube. This is a game that deserves to sell well because it is excellent.The graphics are consistantly good but seem to get better as the game progresses. Some of the FMV sequences are cool and the speech/music in the game is some of the best on the console,taking advantage of Dolby ProLogic II. The insanity effects are a very nice touch to the atmosphere and the gameplay and add a whole new element to the game. The gameplay is very deep and the game has a great magic system where you can even come up with your combination of magic attacks. The ability to chop off specific body parts on enemies very entertaining and effective. The game is a lasting challenge and if it is not rushed through or completed using a walkthrough then it should last 20+ hours to most gamers,which is quite long and plus there is meant to be a special ending if u complete it 3 times I hear.Overall this is one of the best games I have ever played and the very positive reviews it received were very well deserved so this game has no reason not to sell amazingly well...SO BUY IT
3	B00005Q8M4	I got this game at launch at Super Walmart in Pinellas Park (normally I don't) but this game is so intriguing and awesome that I even contacted Silicon Knights for a sequel. It is 10 years old but is better than 90% of what is out there today. The story is so amazing that it is not seen in video games. And for the "graphics addict" gamers out there; it still looks great and treat yourself to a rare and awesome game that includes a story, gameplay and graphics because it is rare. Also buy the "Nintendo" guide because it is essential to the completion of the game.
3	B00005Q8M4	Great story! Great visuals! Great puzzles! Don't miss it!
3	B00005Q8M4	Its not very often you see any breakout games in the horror/survival genre. This game brought that to the table. More than gimmicks, the original aspects of this game put it in a class by itself, hands down.What is so different about Eternal Darkness? Well, for starters lets list the similarities to other games such as Resident Evil and various others. You have a health meter. If it is depleted, you die. You have projectile weapons, with limited ammo and require frequent reloading. That's where the similarities end.In this game, you have three meters to keep track of: Health, Magic, and Sanity. Magic is replenished as your character moves around. Running replenishes your energy faster than walking. Health and Sanity can only be replenished by recovery spells, or by recovery items that are only given to certain characters in the storyline.Sanity is the most unique aspect of this game. If you enter a room and a creature catches a glimpse of you, it steals a little bit of your sanity. From that moment on, you have a short window of opportunity, in which to kill the monster, perform a finishing move, and reclaim some of your sanity. At certain times, having your sanity depleted can be detrimental, and at other non-crucial times, its a whole lot of fun. As your sanity dwindles, you begin to hallucinate. The less sanity you possess, the more intense your hallucinations become. I don't want to go into detail about the hallucinations and spoil it for anyone who may read this. Sometimes, its fun to let your character go insane and see what happens. Sometimes, if your sanity runs out, your health starts to decline, but not always.The magic system is pretty cool. You have a spell list consisting of 12 spells. In order to use these spells, you must gain the alignment runes of one of the four "gods" in the game, and two other spell runes. Combine that with a cirle of power (either 3, 5, or 7 slots) and you can cast a spell. A codex is used to translate the runes, but you can still cast spells without them. A parchment listing the spell is also lying around. It tells you which runes to use, but if you don't have a codex, you will have to experiment to figure out which rune it is referring to. You must stand perfectly still in order to cast spells. If you move or if you are attacked before you finish the incantation, the spell is interrupted and abruptly ends. This provides a challenge when you are in a room full of enemies. Each spell is unique. One heals, one casts a shield, one possesses monsters, one summons monsters, one repairs broken objects and powers up weapons, so forth and so on. You don't have to use them all but you will have to use most of them at one time or another during gameplay. Runes, spell parchments, and codex are placed strategically throughout the game. You just have to make sure you look carefully in every corner of every room. Leave no stone unturned. Most items are hard to miss. Everything you're supposed to pick up glows faintly, so there is no guessing. Without a strategy guide, I only missed one codex the first time through.On top of a cool magic system and a fascinating sanity system, there is a cool targeting system. Hold down the R button to lock on to an enemy and use the control stick to lock onto either, the head, an arm, or the torso. Certain enemies go down quicker if you hit them in certain areas. This is useful if you're surrounded by a swarm of enemies that are dependent upon sight to attack. Hack off one head, switch to another creature, remove its head, so forth and so on. This can be executed quickly and you'll have a room full of blind zombies who are now easy pickings.Each of the 10+ characters in the game receive a projectile weapon of sorts and a blunt force slice'n'dice weapon like a sword. Some characters can even equip two weapons. Each character has their own set of unique weapons in this game.You hold down the L button to run in this game, and if you run for too long your character will have to stop and catch their breath. You can't run forever like Resident Evil. Each character has their own attributes. The firefighter has a longer health bar and can run for longer distances, but he has a smaller sanity and magic meter. The architect has a smaller health and sanity meter, but he has a sizeable magic meter, and he can only run for short distances. The main character has a nice balance of all of four attributes, not to mention she's pretty tough.The plot is excellently done, the voice acting is very convincing and the graphics are sweet. There are several instances where you will return to the same area, at different points in time, with three different characters. The desert stage is accessed by four different characters and each time you can witness the fact that the site has been excavated and then allowed to fall into ruin again as time progresses. The designers paid very close attention to detail and made sure that the "space-time" continuum was preserved.On top of all of these wonderful facts about the game, throw in the fact that this game has incredible replay value, since you have to play it through three times, in order to defeat all three "gods". It will not be a chore or prove dull to replay. In fact, I found myself trying to recall everything and then trying to finish a stage quicker than I did on a previous pass.Simply put, if you don't like this game, then there is something wrong with you. If you love Resident Evil, you will go bananas over this game, since RE has nothing on Eternal Darkness. This game is a must play, let alone a must have.
3	B00005Q8M4	Every body who owns a game console, chose their console for a reason. Usually there is a title that looks so enticing to the game player, that he/she will plunk down a large chunk of money for a system, just so they can play that one game.  Now, if you own a GameCube, Mario is a likely candidtate for this sort of influence, or pehaps the new Metroid games (one is for Game Boy Advance) that have me salivating now.  Well, Eternal Darkness had this effect on me.  I purchased this game because of the amazingly positive reviews I read.  I watched the trailers on the intenet, and it looked so awesome to me, that I had to get a GameCube.  Well I played Eternal Darkness (ED from here on out) and it is a really good game.  It is fun, and there are a lot of innovative features to it.  The sanity meter is genius.  This concept will undoubtedly be used again, although never to the same degree of surprise that this first game gave us.  By the way. Do yourself a favor and do not read what all of the insanity effects are before you play the game.  It will ruin them for you.  Why four stars then you ask?  Well.  For one, the game was too hyped.  It is not a genre beginning title (what is anymore.)  It is not survival horror like the Resident Evil GameCube remake is.  (RE is superb by the way)  The game was pitched in such a way that led be to believe it was scary.  It really wasn't for me.  Yes there are a lot of wonderful surprises with the sanity/insanity effects and all, however, it never acheives the level of creepiness that RE carries all the way through it.  It is really an adventure game.  I love the dynamic camera.  In RE, the camera angles are stills.  ED's camera angles are mobile and fully rendered in 3D!  The magick is great.  There are a few monotonous parts, but in the end the game is very satisfying.  This game is more of a 3D adventure than survival horror.  Yes is is bloody and greusome at times, yet these aspects alone do not define the survival horror genre.  Keep these things in mind, and you will no doubt love this game.  It really is fun and unique, just not the 5 stars I would have liked it to be.
3	B00005Q8M4	This game is pretty scary, it is not for the weak hearted.  Sure you think you can handle a few skeletons and dead guys, but once you stop playing it your mind continues to think about it. You start jumping at the slightest noise.  The reason I continue to play it is so I can find out what happens, it has a great story line.  Overall it's worth buying but will scare ... you.  WARNING: To save you a possible heart attack I leave you this warning, on the second floor in the bathroom it gives you an option to examine the bathtub, don't, what happened made me freak out and even fall out of my chair.Fun Factor 100/100Freak Out Factor 10000/100Story Line 110/100Get it if you like getting scared.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is the begining to a new Nintendo, a Nintendo that makes Mature rated games.  In this horror game, you travel with different characters through 2000 years of time, fighting zombies and other monsters.  Everything you do has an effect on the game, even how quickly/slowly you finish a monster.  If you beat a monster fast, your sanity meter goes up.  Killing the slowler will make you start to freak out, and lower your sanity.  When your sanity becomes too low, you might have hallucinations.  Your inventory might disappear, or you might be walking and watch your head fall off, or something strange.  The game is extremly plot driven, innovative, and its supposed to be scary in a new way, which makes it a great game.
3	B00005Q8M4	Despite the stigma that the Gamecube is just for kids, a surprising number of high-quality games have been released aimed at more mature audiences.  The most original of these would have to be Eternal Darkness.Eternal Darkness follows a young woman named Alex Roivas as she investigates her grandfather's murder.  During her search through his mansion, she comes across The Tome of Eternal Darkness, which gives the player control over nearly a dozen characters throughout history.While the gameplay and controls are not as good as I would have liked, the haunting atmosphere and the wild &quot;sanity meter&quot; effects are worth the purchase price.  Seeing flies on my computer screen or having the T.V. randomly mute itself just added to the spooky atmosphere.  Considering that you can get this title for under $20 just about anywhere, you should definitely add it to your Gamecube library.
3	B00005Q8M4	I have to say, this is a very amusing game. It is cliche in some ways, but certain aspects are so unique that they highly outweigh the typicality. The parts that are pretty frequent in games like these are the types of enemies (very normal zombies), the environments, and the stories (many might disagree with me on that third one, though).Now, if you enjoy plots like this (it's sort of complicated, you should read about it first), you will love this game. Personally, they are not my favorite. They are relatively common for being a zombie game.However, this is where I will say how outlandishly abnormal this game is. There is something that I have never encountered before, and this is my favorite part of the game--there is a SANITY meter. It depletes over time, and the lower it gets, the more bizarre things that start to happen (it is, in some ways, similar to an adult swim game called Schizophrenzy). Now, this sounds much more bland than it actually is, I can assure you. There are a lot of things that can happen because of this meter lowering to dangerous levels. But my absolute favorite one by far is when the TV's sound begins to lower, and that's not all--as it lowers, the bar that shows up on the TV when it lowers (like when you press the volume up or down on the TV, the bar that appears showing how low or high it is). So when this happened, it is actually one of the rarer ones to appear, I frantically searched for the remote, thinking one of my cats was sitting on it. I found the remote and I was in awe when I saw it was untouched--my friend and I figured out eventually that it was because of the sanity meter. But for about an hour we were convinced that my house was haunted. It was terrifying living on the top of a woodsy hill in a secluded city at 1:30 in the morning. That sold me. But the other sanity meter results (there are a LOT of different ones) are creepy and confusing, as well.I have told this to many, many people. It was just that fantastic to me.There are a lot of puzzles in this game, and they are cool, but most of them are a bit complicated to me. My friend was the one playing (he had played this game thoroughly prior to this, though), so maybe if I were the one playing I would've figured them out from exploring more.Anyway, parts of the game (namely the puzzles) reminded me of a more complex Tomb Raider game.I would say, if you like games like these, this is definitely worth the time and money. But if you're like me, then you might prefer to simply watch parts of it from online videos or friends playing the game, because the sanity meter is, without a shred of doubt, the best facet of this game.
3	B00005Q8M4	wow what can i say this is the best game i have ever played great graphics and the story is soo good its not even funny go get a gamecube if u dont have it just so u can play this game. its worth all the money you will pay. SCREW! your friends and play this game!
3	B00005Q8M4	I'll try to make this not much more of a spoiler than what you would get from the back of the box. It's actually scary like a good horror movies. Unlike other "horror" games, like House of the Dead and Resident Evil, where a big boss will make you think, "Bring it on", ED will have you (and your character) cowering in fear. The game begins as Alexander Rovias investigates her mysterious grandfather's death. Through solving puzzle hidden in the creepy mansion, you are able to find chapters. Once Alex reads the chapters, the character comes to life and you must complete the mission. The backgrounds are spectacular and the characters are pretty well done, but wilt in comparison to the backgrounds. Little things, like how characters turn there heads to look at things and jitter as a torch crackles add a lot, which would explain the games three year development time. If you keep running, your character tires out and has to rest. If injured, your character moves slower. If you keep slashing your character tires. The game would be pretty much a boring hack-and-slash game from there, but thanks to the addition of the sanity meter, it makes it one to remember. As you encounter monsters your sanity drops, causing hallucinations. Losing the first bit, you'll see some very subtle visions, which I won't spoil for you. Then as it drops further, big things start happening, that were not only intended for the character, but also to make the player freaking scared. Just be ready for anything when you play, and just remember,"It's not real,it's not real,it's not real" No matter what happens.Trying to find flaws in this game are hard. So far in my several hours of gameplay, I've only see about five different kinds of enemys. Attacking an enemy with a large sword in a narrow passage is difficult. I don't know why characters just bring it over their heads. Repeated slashing is hard because your character *sigh* realistically tires. Firing projectile weapons (guns) is difficult because the time for a character to reload. It's generally better to use a sword. The life and sanity meters are very small and *sigh* realistically short. If you die you better have saved because there's no mamby-pamby wimp checkpoint area.With it's excellent story and sanity meter, it's The Game of the Summer for me, possibly year depending on how other titles work out. Excuse me, I need to go play.
3	B00005Q8M4	If you own a Gamecube, or even if you don't, i suggest you get one, then this game to go along with it, because this is one fun game and is definantly worth owning. From the excellant sound, incredible graphics, strange but entertaining storylin, and crazy monsters, it should keep you involved for awhile.There are some seriously creepy things in this game, but it is just not scary like Resident Evil. That is ok though, because it sure is fun just to go around and slash at everything in sight, especially the way you can cut of enemies arms, legs, and heads specifically. It all melts together to create a fine game no one should be without.
3	B00005Q8M4	Yet another reason to rush out and buy a GameCube, "Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem" includes the player on a level never before touched by video games. The reason for this is the sanity effects, which can mess with gameplay or even controls or the TV itself. There's no telling what they'll do, but finding them out is half the fun. The other half is the constantly interesting story that leaps from time period to time period. Unlike "Resident Evil," you're able to hack and shoot your way through the levels without worry of conserving ammo or things like that. "Eternal Darkness" is an endlessly exciting game with thrills and chills abound.
3	B00005Q8M4	One game that is a must buy, It has is all, deep story, complex gameplay, puzzles, Hack and Slash battle, Persition Gun battle, and a though and ingenuis Magick system. GET THIS ONE! One more thing, make sure you get the strategy guide to.
3	B00005Q8M4	A Classic seriously under the radar! If your a new gamer this is one to have in your library because it is one of those Resident Evil type of games that will make you think and frighten you as you play! Very interactive as well because you have to be on your toes and it even messes with your head!Do yourself a favor play it.
3	B00005Q8M4	I love this game. When I first got it many years ago I played it over and over. You have to in order to really beat the game because of the premise. Like most of the old games they were misplaced after the Xbox 360 came. I eventually found it and tried playing again recently. The premise and ideas within the game are still great, but I have to admit I am spoiled by current game play engines. I found it just too slow...plodding to get through. Just moving around seems to take forever. Since this was a Nintendo release I guess they could update it for the new hardware-but personally I have moved on from Nintendo and view it as a 99% "for kids" console.
3	B00005Q8M4	A surprising sleeper hit of sorts, it still didn't get the attention it deserves.  Eternal Darkness is the mature title that Gamecube owners have been hoping for, with an unrelentingly dark story line and overtones, crisp graphics, and ingenious play mechanics.Graphically, this is quite a marvel.  Some textures and animations are poor, but overall (especially considering it was ported from the N64) the graphics are smooth as butter and integrate nicely.  When you see immense otherworldly demons or the walls with screaming faces twisting in them, you'll feel truly immersed.  Would have been nice if there were more enemy variety, but there's quite enough in the gameplay to keep you interested.The story is out there and a bit nonsensical, yet it is tightly told through engrossing cut scenes and the shifting of focus from one character to another.  I wish more action-adventure games used this type of system- it's by far the most unique thing to happen to the genre in quite awhile.Control is fairly inventive, as well, especially for an adventure title.  The fighting system, which allows you to target individual body parts on the enemies, really seems to reward finesse and reflexes, while the &quot;magick&quot; system allows for some interesting combinations and experimentation.  It also allows for some pretty interesting puzzle opportunities.Puzzles are well-paced and not too difficult, as well.  There were a couple of moments in the beginning where I needed to consult a strategy guide, but after that the sailing was very smooth.  There aren't very many key-hunting puzzles, and things progress in a logical order.  As I said above, the three-color magick system is central to many of the puzzles.  Another bonus is the save system, which doesn't limit you to certain spots and only a certain amount of saves like the blindingly dumb Resident Evil does.  Unless there's enemies nearby you can save at any time, in any place.  Overall, this improves the pacing of the game tenfold.By far the most interesting addition to the horror genre is the insanity system, which adds some teasingly great effects that could make you scream or toss your controller in anger and frustration.  You'll dig every moment of it, and it really adds some interactive elements to the game.In sum, Gamecube owners are lucky to be presented with such an awesome piece of storytelling and graphical wonder.  You'll be hard pressed to find similar niche masterpieces like this on any other system.  Do yourself a favor and give it a shot.
3	B00005Q8M4	eternal darkness blew me away in it u startoff in a haunted mansion that belonged to the ladys grandfather u must find lil pages of a book hidden in each room then the stages begin this game has incredible graphics and lighting effects the mansion looks like the hotel in the shining in the late fall and the eerie sound effects are cool like babys crying evil demons laughing rushing winds  etc when each stage starts u can use a sword crossbow or learn various magic spells to cast the combat is really good the controls are very good unlike resident evil and areas u highlight with your sword you can cutoff like heads and arms etc adding more fun to the slaying in this game youll go through the life of 11 characters starting off each time in the mansion in diffrent time periods then u must find the book pages for the level to actually begin this game introduces an amazing new  (insanity meter) meaning if youre exposed to demons too long or get too wounded and your meters drained u start seeing insanity effects FOR ONCE ITS NO GIMMICK they pull it off in a way in this game that will trip you out rest assured the insanity will erase your memory card change the channel on your tv onetime i entered a room and everybody was hanging dead from the ceiling i went to fire my gun and it fired slow motion back at me the gamecube even shook one time i thought it was posessed i called nintendo they said it was the sanity effects this game is based on the great author hp lovecraft and the characters are from his storys it has wonderful voice acting from top british actors aswell nintendo spent millions and 2 years making this game and it shows most agree this is the one of the only truely scary video games silent hill doesnt compare and only the new resident evil is even close just wait till youre playing only with only a little bit of your sanity left on the meter late at night weird things will start to happen and will trip u out the action levels are beautiful and detailed the storylines based on lovecraft and the creatures are wicked buy this game today its audio graphics story and gameplay are truly art and u can only get it on the gamecube this game is 1 of the best games ever made and worth getting a gamecube for just for this game only the new resident evil (also exclusively for gamecube) tops it but this games still like nothing else check it out
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem (which I will call EDSR for the purpose of this review) is one of those very special games that simply doesn't get the attention it deserves. It wasn't a hot seller, even though it was a critical hit, and for that reason it's a bit rarer than many other games. A used copy, as of 2013, costs around 25-35 bucks; steep, for an old game in the bargain bin, But I assure you, 100%, that tracking down a copy is absolutely worth the money.EDSR is a horror themed adventure game of sorts that is utterly unique in it's existence. I am reluctant to call it 'survival horror' because there is much more of an emphasis on puzzle solving, melee combat, and even magic than simply being a game where you scrounge for ammo to kill zombies. The gameplay itself is absolutely stunning. It is, in almost every aspect, perfect when it comes to control, the camera, and combat; three things which many survival horror games of the time were still struggling to get right. There is NEVER a camera issue (unless you're going insane, that is) and the combat controls are some of the most functional you will see in any fixed camera perspective game. I am absolutely shocked that more developers have not copied this formula, as it's not only easy to move around and lock onto opponents...but you can even target individual body parts. You will learn very quickly how to cut off the heads and arms of zombies to make them less of a threat, and how to target the eyes or other weakspots of other creatures to prevail. The game is also packed with a surprisingly deep magic system based on runes of power and incantations that feel very ritualistic. Magic spells grow more and more powerful, allowing you to enchant items, summon monsters, create shields and barriers to protect yourself, and reveal hidden secrets. Every spell has a 'color' alignment that is specific for hurting creatures of an opposite alignment color in a sort of 'rock, paper, scissors' system.The story borrows many elements from HP Lovecraft, and lets you know it right away. You play as a number of characters throughout history whom all come in contact with the 'Tome of Eternal Darkness'; a book that gives them power and knowledge to fight evil and is obviously inspired by the Necronomicon from Lovecraft's mythos. The game starts with you playing as Alex Roivas, a beautiful young lady who is called to her uncle's mansion after his grisly murder there. The crime is so violent and out of the ordinary that the police have no leads or clues as to whom killed Dr. Roivas, and thus Alex decides to stay in the mansion and hunt for clues herself.Alex, too, eventually discovers the Tome and learns of the previous bearers of the book and how their destinies intertwine. As you find more pages from the book, you play chapters in which you take control of characters throughout history that have been chosen to fight a dark and terrible power. At the center of all the horror are the ancients: three beings of god-like power who seek to cross dimensions and plunge the universe into darkness forever. Early in the game, you choose one of these ancients to fight, giving the game replayability and rewarding you for playing through and beating all of them. Each ancient is attuned to a certain color, and only weak to it's polar alignment's color of magic. Blue alignment beats red, red beats green, green beats blue; you will have to remember this if you are to combat the ancient's evil.Throughout each level the brilliant storytelling weaves a tale of desperation and insanity as humanity's battles against the ancients thickens. This is truly some of the greatest story telling in any game, and will keep you glued to the game to discover what happens next. As you confront more and more horror, not only do you have to worry about your physical safety, but your mental faculties as well. EDSR has a sanity system, and as characters witness unsettling events they begin to lose control of their minds. If sanity is not recovered through a spell or killing enemies, your character will begin to babble and bizarre things will start happening. The effects of sanity loss are many, and they are easily one of the best parts of the game. When insane, you may hear strange noises, or see strange things. Even more insidious that that, the game will begin to pull pranks on you...sending you into a room full of zombies and causing you to lose control as a "controller unplugged" warning appears on screen. The game will occasionally mess with the volume and other TV settings,  or even trick you into thinking you've just encountered a crash or a game breaking bug only to snap you back to reality. These are some of the most clever gimmicks and tricks to scare the player a game has ever devised, and EDSR goes far beyond just using simple jump scares to frighten the player.With how excellent this game is, it is an absolute shame that the game did not get more attention. I can only hope it sees a resurgence in the future, but until then this is one game you will want to hunt down in the bargain bin if you still have a Gamecube or a Wii. Play this game, you won't regret it.
3	B00005Q8M4	GRAPHICS, GAMEPLAY, SOUND AND STORY ARE ALL GRADE A. "ETERNAL DARKNESS" IS A TRUE GAMING EXPERIENCE. IT HAS A CREEPY  ATMOSPHERE. IT'S USER FRIENDLY.. UNLIKE ALOT OF SIMILAR GAMES THAT STRIVE TO BE HALF OF WHAT THIS GAME IS. NINTENDO IS ALL ABOUT GAMES. THAT'S WHY I GIVE THEM MY HARD EARNED MONEY. AND MY RESPECT & TRUST. "ETERNAL DARKNESS" IS ONE OF THE GREATEST GAMES TO COME OUT IN RECENT YEARS.. BUY IT, TRY IT, YOU WON'T DENY IT...
3	B00005Q8M4	Very interesting and imaginative game.  The music is a big factor creating suspense.  The puzzles are wonderful.  Variety of characters and settings adds a lot of variety.  Rating this game for mature players is appropriate.  My only regret is the characters move like they have molasses on their feet. Considering all the good points, I can live with that.
3	B00005Q8M4	pros. the insanity feature is very cool. the magic feature is also cool. the characters are weel animated. the story is really scary. it gets you in the moode for a good freddy kruger moviecons. it is to dark in the graphics. to few enemys. not for young children
3	B00005Q8M4	Originally meant for the Nintendo 64, Eternal Darkness was redesigned for a release on the Nintendo Gamecube. Personnally I think this was a great idea because the game would offer better visuals, which means a better grasp of this story's scary atmosphere.As Alexandra Roivas (voiced by Jennifer Hale of Mass Effect, Darkwatch, Marvel vs Capcom 3), you search your grandfather's mansion, trying to find clues that would explain his mysterious murder. As you uncover the tome of Eternal Darkness, you get to play other characters whose stories, combined together, reveal a battle against an evil force that has invaded the planet for millenias and is ready to strike again.Visually, Eternal Darkness's animations and combat tactics may seem outdated today compared to the XBox 360, Playstation 3 and Wii's technologies. However this game's real strengths are its excellent storytelling, voice acting and multiple replay values. This last aspect is important for after a few replays, the story's final twist is revealed to the player, a twist whose cliffhanger awaits a sequel that still hasn't been produced unfortunately. In its gameplay, one of its awesome points happens to be the character's sanity meter. This means that every time you witness a strange creature in any levels, your character's sanity depletes. So unless you try to refill it, you (character/player) will have to endure several mind-twisted pranks that the game developpers will put along the game.It is very sad that this game still hasn't had the sequel it deserves, but it is more sad to see that this game (along with the Nintendo Gamecube) lacks the technology to make it playable on an HD television. Now yes, you can play your Nintendo Gamecube on an HD television. But instead of having a good image and well-adjusted television colors, the HD set makes the Nintendo GameCube games come out blurry and appear into a very small image size. One hopes that Nintendo will release an adjusted version of this game very soon for under those technological constraints, those who want to purchase this game better still have their old television set (non-High Definition).If not, one may never get to grasp the true horror of the Eternal Darkness the way it should be.
3	B00005Q8M4	"Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem" was a truly pivotal piece of gaming back in 2002.  The deep mythology, the unnerving ambience, the easy-to-learn gameplay, the "Sanity" effects......but some years have passed.  I have revisited the dark tale in order to once again discover its brilliance.  But the simple truth is that "Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem" is a product of its time, and was put on its pedestal way too soon.I am not writing this review to simply analyze the videogame's faults.  Frankly, there are ton of 5-star games available on Amazon that are well worth your time and money in spite of their flaws.  But with "Eternal Darkness", you must tread carefully.  You are reading the reviews of memories, not the review of the game as it is in 2009.I guess the best summary I can give you is that for every great idea in "Eternal Darkness", there's always some sort of caveat to remind you that you're holding a controller in your hand.  So, my personal review is going to be a "This Is Good, But" kind of review.  Let's bullet-point this one, shall we?* The game's combat is much simpler and easier than most survival-horror games.  You will often control a sword, or other form of blade, with the occasional pistol or projectile thrown in.  Frankly, the guns are worthless.  The game will quickly teach you how to take down your enemies.  BUT "better" doesn't mean "great".  The combat leaves much to be desired.  Even with the magic system (more on that later) implemented in the later stages of the game, you are still hacking and slashing some pretty boring-looking foes.* "Eternal Darkness" is famous for its sanity effects.  Whenever your character is spotted by the enemy, you slowly lose your sanity, which can eventually lead to some very frightening moments.  I'll leave those moments for you to discover, which I'm sure are on YouTube in case you wanna pass the game up.  BUT, other than eventually harming your health, these sanity effects get old once you've seen them.  The only way to really enjoy them is to deliberately delay killing your enemies.  Some may get a delightful cackle from going nuts, but it's not THAT genius when you think about it.* The game uses a magic system in order to not only enhance combat, but to solve some nifty puzzles.  As the game progresses, you learn more spells, and can make them more powerful.  There's even a Ro-Sham-Bo kinda system to the magic.  BUT, learning the spells is kinda cheap.  In order to create spells, you need Runes.  In order to use the runes, you need to decode them.  Learning the spells requires little to no thought whatsoever, because you learn them by just searching for different pieces throughout the stages.  Because you take little part in creating the spells, learning them is tedious.* "Eternal Darkness" has a mythology and story that spans centuries.  You will play as various characters who've encountered a supernatural evil, leading to moments of sheer horror.  BUT this method of storytelling means you only get a brief adventure with the characters.  Their histories, their dreams, their motivations, their effects in time...you will learn less than you hope.  It becomes very apparent that main character Alexandra Roivas is merely someone who just finds their different stories in her family mansion.  You want to know more about how her grandfather was mysteriously & gruesomely murdered.  Instead, you begin reading the stories of others, waiting a long time before Alex is personally involved.* The game featured some great graphics for its time.  The levels in particular look pretty sharp even today.  I never understood the criticisms for "Resident Evil" graphical presentation, because it immerses you in artistic creation.  The environments (except for the Persian desert) are uniformly strong.  BUT, the character models aren't consistently good.  Some look amazing in closeup, while people look blocky.  Some are very well-animated in their movements, while others move like constipated apes.  Even the corpses aren't consistently drawn well.* Sound plays a major role in this game, and it's the only near-perfect element in the game.  The music is subtle and minimal.  The screams are terrifying.  The shocks are heart-stopping.  The voice-acting is excellent.  The weapons sound good.  The creatures are intimidating.  What's most remarkable is the background & surround effects.  Early in the game, you're in a monestary where if you approach an office, you can hear a muttered secret meeting taking place.  Other than maybe the Roivas mansion's "gong-gong" rhythm, I've no complaints here.* The game has three different endings.  BUT, the differences are mostly cosmetic, and minimal at best.  Finishing all three versions of the quest will unlock the ultimate ending for the game, but the drive to complete the game three times is questionable.* "Eternal Darkness" has some good scares in it, some of them "BOO" moments, others just disturbing.  BUT, while disturbing moments leave long impressions, this game is only as scary as you want it to be.  Once you go through the jump-out-of-your-seat moments, you're not likely to be scared on your second playthrough.  And going back to the sanity effects, only you are in control of how mad your character gets.  Sadly, there are only a few moments when the player doesn't control the sanity...those are the best surprises.I first played "Eternal Darkness" in July 2002.  I thought it was extraordinary.  If I had done an official review, I probably would've said 9.5 out of 10.  To this day, most critics' reviews average out to that score.A few years later, I popped the game back in.  I finished the game, but somewhat reluctantly so.  I put the game aside, and told myself, "Maybe I'm just not in the right frame of mind to enjoy this fully.  Another time, perhaps."  After all, some great games can't be played on a regular basis, and need time to grow in your memories before you revisit them.So, now it's 2009.  I have tried a third time to play "Eternal Darkness" from start to finish.  About halfway through, I have decided to stop.  It's just not that fun anymore.There is nothing shameful about a videogame that pioneered a genre years ago, and has fallen by the wayside.  Our memories are real.  We really did enjoy the worlds, tales, and experiences that "Eternal Darkness" gave us years ago.  But it's time to acknowledge that its core value as a videogame is diminished.If I may quickly sidestep, one of my all-time favorite series is the "Metal Gear Solid" franchise.  Those have much more emphasis on story & cinemas than they do on actual gameplay.  But the differences is that those stories are brilliant, a pleasure to revisit, and the gameplay itself holds up in the time passed.  "Eternal Darkness", on the other hand, has a good story that isn't worth playing through.  I loved the end, but don't like getting there anymore."Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem" belonged on its pedestal in 2002.It's time to gracefully bring it down, and not pretend that it still possesses the same magic.
3	B00005Q8M4	The Good: Wonderful story, one of the best magic systems ever made, creative puzzles that aren't too hard, Playing as 13 different characters keeps things constantly fresh, fun combat, nice graphicsThe Bad: Because this game is so old the flaws really stick out, Very linear, some puzzles just aren't obvious enough, even though combat is rewarding it's very simple, uneven difficulty, short storyThis game is really a buried treasure. It was an excellent and break through game back in its day and even today it can be a fun simple experience. Controlling 13 different characters in the game (one main character and 12 others) it makes the whole game a fresh and remarkable experience. You are a character to finds her grandfather dead and must find out the secrets in his mansion. She comes across a book called the Tome of Darkness and as she reads it you play each character in the chapter and have to solve unique, yet simple, puzzles and fight many different zombies and baddies. What's different here though is that the combat is very simple yet is very customizable since you can lock on and de-limb enemies and even cut off their heads. Yes its very rewarding and neat to see.You can pick up many different weapons throughout the game and you can even cast magic spells. I LOVE the way this game does the magic since you have to find Runes and them Tomes to decrypt them and Runes can be inside enemies that you have to defeat and you find Tomes in many different ways. I also love how when the main character reads each chapter those spells you learned go to her and its amazing how each chapter coincides with the next and how it all ties together. I have never seen a game do something like this so well. The score isn't as great as it should be is because its 2007 and you can see ALL the flaws in this game and it's just too shallow compared to games we play now. Even so, its good for a quick, you can beat it in about 10-12 hours, and unique experience. The game does give you a few quick scares but is nothing close to scary or creepy really. If you have a Wii or GameCube and are wanting something simple and easy to play pick this up!
3	B00005Q8M4	This was one interesting game.  I really enjoyed the idea of playing multiple characters from a single family through two thousand years of its history. Each character had different stamina too with some being in poorer health causing them to tire faster than others. This made it interesting in regards to pacing since you had to rest some characters more than others. You also got to see changes made to the family home over the centuries which was also interesting. The game was very thought out. The sanity meter was also a nice touch with your character beginning to hallucinate as his sanity level drops. At times as you play you may even begin to question your own as well. I don't want to give anything away so won't elaborate on that. A very unique game. This is one game that truly deserves a sequel. If you haven't played it you really need to.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness is a very great game. It has 12 chapters of different great stories of the people that are ancestors to the roivas family. The best part of the game is the sanity meter. Just for fun, I would let the zombie take away my sanity or I would just not fill it up with magick and see what happens. when I first played the game, I was playing as Alex and was browsing the mansion. I went into the bathroom area towards the tub, and that one freaked the heck out of me. This game can freak you out and it will. You will also see a hanging man in the dining room. Kinda freaky too! The horrors in the game can be tough. I like to summon creatures to see them fight. I have already beaten the game 3 times and 2 have the same ending but with different Gods. The last one has to do with the Mantorok, which is the creature that is being kept in the temple where Ellia was in. I smell a sequel. I had a lot of fun with this game, you can review your autopsy from max's journal, and you can view your cinemas, which is great. The only thing wrong with this game is there is no Quit button. You would have to turn the whole thing off. Since I have jump to game mode, I was able to play as whoever but if I didn't want to play that character,I would have to turn it off and start from the beginning. One more thing in this game I do not see a Delete button either. I wanted to delete my Second block file and I can't. I don't know where people get 13 characters cause there is only 12. They must have rated it before they even bought it. C'mon buy this game, it has great graphics and beautiful music and there are some freaky voices and screams that'll freak you out and the major sanity's that occur within. Hey I had a great time with this game, and you wont be disappointed.
3	B00005Q8M4	This is an absolute masterpiece, and its on the level of Resident Evil, but infinitely more creative. Buy it now.
3	B00005Q8M4	Nintendo has done it again! This game is easily the best game out there for the gamecube right now. I bought my cube only 2 months ago, and this was my FIRST game selection, and I couldn't be more satisfied with it. ED is better then Resident Evil (the other game I was considering) I haven't been so addicted to a single game since the days of the SNES. Try this one out!! You won't be sorry.
3	B00005Q8M4	I remember renting this game back in 2005 without hearing anything about it. I just saw it and thought I would try it. Years later I decided I have to buy it. I kept thinking to myself, did I really play a game that simulates a game over screen?I've been building up my collection of GameCube games this past year and I started with games that I remember playing and thought they were fun. I also looked at the top 25 GameCube games list that IGN created after the GameCube was discontinued. This game was #5 on the list and for good reason. To even make the top 25 was a real treat for a game, considering the GameCube had over 550 games in the US.This game is very different from traditionally games. It's been called a cult classic along with games like Cubivore (also GameCube) and Deadly Premonition (Xbox 360). Each of these games including Eternal Darkness, have gameplay and a story that is both unique and never really tried before. While they all contain some flaws, you find yourself thinking about it more and more between sessions. It's getting where software companies are not really taking many chances on un-proven games and concepts. That is why you are seeing so many sequels, like Resident Evil, Zelda, Metroid, Metal Gear, Halo, Final Fantasy and countless others. It's nice to see a unique game.A little history behind the game. It was originally planned for the Nintendo 64 but was delayed. It was also the first game pulished by Nintendo to have an M (Mature) rating. Though it was not a commercial success, it was widely praised and even won an award for Outstanding Achievement in Character or Story Development.The gameplay is unique in that you get to control 12 characters throughout the story (and throughout time). Each character is unique and have their own missions to accomplish. The story moves throughout time from 26 BC to 2000 AD. The greatest accomplishment of this game was the use of the sanity meter. If something like this were to be true and you found yourself in this situation, just imagine your own sanity level. The meter provides some very interesting things that happen as the meter gets higher and higher.Bottom line, if you are interested in collecting GameCube games or want a different type of horror game to play on the GameCube or Wii, try this game out.
3	B00005Q8M4	As a long time Nintendo fan, I have always hoped for games that brought hours of entertaining gameplay, combined with well written storylines to follow. Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem delivers on both counts. Created by Silicon Knights (the creators of the masterpiece, Legacy Of Kain) this game reaches throughout two-thousand years of history and manages to weave the intricate story lines together. You play twelve different characters during the game, each with their own weapons, strengths, and weaknesses. As the game progresses you are able to collect runes, codices, and spell scrolls to cast an assortment of magic spells; from enchanting your weapon, summoning creatures, or dispelling other forms of magic. During battle you can choose whether to hack off a particular body part and which weapon you would like to fight with. But the sanity meter creates a whole new level of gameplay. The more enemies you encounter, the lower your sanity meter goes. These effects range from hallucinations, blood running down from the walls, or your own t.v or gamecube acting strangely. You will keep guessing what is real and what is not up to the very end. All in all this game was very well written and the gameplay does not suffer because of it. With many cinematic sequences, twisting storylines, and magical creatures, Eternal Darkness should be a welcome addition to your gamecube collection.
3	B00005Q8M4	I decided to write another review after playing this game for a few more hours. I didn't like this game very much at first but it takes some getting used to and it helps for you to choose the red essence god(called Chattur'gha) for Pious Agustus to serve early in the game as this essence allows you to create a recover spell that recovers health which you need the most! If you choose one of the other two gods for Pious to serve you will find this limits you to only regaining sanity or magic on another early level that is hard to beat without the ability to regain health.Well I'm halfway through this game and it rocks! The story is awesome and am enjoying this game as much as Resident Evil if not better.The world you're going to explore is much larger than Resident Evil. While Resident Evil wins on the graphics quality and scariness factor, Eternal Darkness wins on the storyfront and neatness of gameplay. There is a lot more to do than simply shoot at zombies and other monsters. While there are still puzzles to solve like Resident Evil, the use of finding items to make spells is awesome. The spells are varied and using different runes along with different essences of 4 different gods you can dramatically change the effects of spells.I was having a some trouble surviving the first few dungeons until I found a spell to recover health and sanity.Oh Sanity! What a great concept to add to the game! Going insane is fun. I like to let my sanity meter run low just to hear the crazy sound effects and see the changes in the game. Now I can just cast a spell to increase my sanity whenever I really need to. There are parts in the game when you can't afford to be going insane, like when you're trying to get through a hallway in temples with blades swinging down or darts shooting at you Indiana Jones style.It took me a long while to master the combat as selecting the right enemy and the right body part takes some getting used to. I found that targeting the head first is ALWAYS the best option and then attack the arms or torso. Moving around is easier than Resident Evil but learning to fight and win your battles took me about as long as Resident Evil. It was confusing to learn the new controls after playing Resident Evil because the games feel so much like each other that your brain wants to use the Resident Evil ways of moving or attacking at first.Overall I am enjoying this game MORE than Resident Evil. Why?  I don't have to hunt all over for herbs to regain health and ink ribbons to save my game. You can save in almost any part of the game as many times as you like so long as that room your in is cleared of enemies. Oh my goodness it's such a relief being able to save anytime I want. Just walking around regenerates spell power so that I can recover health or sanity.Plus the puzzles are easier in this game and I find myself referring to the hint book a lot less than Resident Evil.Lastly there is ammo you have to find if you want to use guns on levels that have guns(or darts for blowdarts for that matter!) However there is also swords on every level I've seen so far and they work just as well in most cases to the long range weapons and they require no ammo. Unlike Resident Evil in which it is nearly suicide to walk around with only your dagger, the melee weapons of Eternal Darkness work great.For those of you who cringed at Resident Evil being so short on ammo you will be pleased that Eternal Darkness allows you to fight as much as you want with swords.Eternal Darkness and Resident Evil are both great games. If I had to have only one of them though I would prefer Eternal Darkness. I love using different characters though the different time periods. There is really a lot more to do in Eternal Darkness than Resident Evil and there is a more gripping story in Eternal Darkness. However Eternal Darkness doesn't have the scariness and fear factor that Resident Evil does. I don't feel afraid when I'm about to open a door or walk down a dark hallway but that's ok but because I'm excited about the gameplay anyways!
3	B00005Q8M4	This is an excellent game made by the folks at Silicon Knights.  In this game, you control 13 different characters throughout history.  At first glance, it may occur to you to be very similiar to Resident Evil.  It is similiar in some ways, but it is a different game that is mostly dissimiliar to RE, including a much better control scheme.[SPOILER] This game does some crazy things that will mess with your mind.  You have a sanity meter that goes up when you see zombies and run from them, but goes down when you defeat the zombies.  As your sanity meter gets worse, subtle things will happen such as blood appearing on the walls and such.  Eventually, the game does sneaky things that can freak you out if you are playing in the dark late at night.  The game does things like simulates adjusting your TV's volume, and simulating resetting your gamecube by itself and messing with your memory card.[End Spoiler]This game is the first truly "mature" game by Nintendo.  It will totally dispell the rumors that Nintendo only makes "kiddie" games.  This game has an "M" rating, but not because of crude humor, such as in Conker's Bad Fur Day, but because it is somewhat violent and gory, and also because the story is more serious and mature and might not be understood very well by a younger audience.This game will make you very happy if you are at all interested to the "Survival Horror" genre of games.
3	B00005Q8M4	I just can't say enough good words for Eternal Darkness. It has to be one of the best if not THE best games on any system ever. I bought a Gamecube because Resident Evil moved on it. However, I was so shocked to play a game that just totally blew Resident Evil out of the water, and that's no easy task! I think the only 'bad' thing about this game is the fighting system. It's rather dull, nothing really new to add, and nothing stands out. You do get to aim it certain body parts, but that gets old real fast. There is also a very small amount of differant enemies. Though that's not worth taking any points off, because the rest of the game is so amazing that I didn't even notice the only 'decent' fighting system. The game is set across 2000 years, so you get to play as about a dozen differant characters, *a differant character for every chapter!* which keeps the game from getting boring. My favorite thing about Eternal Darkness though, is how frightening it is! Maybe it's just me, but I've never seen a movie or played a game or read a book that was as scary as Eternal Darkness. It isn't the monsters that are scary, it's what you don't see that gives you the chills. Plus there is a lot of shocking things that make you jump, I won't spoil anything though. But this game really keeps you on your toes. It also plays with you, meaning "you" as the player of the game. It all has to with the game characters sanity level. Again I don't want to spoil anything, but this game is just to clever! There are so many things that happen in this game that are so disturbing and wonderful at the same time. I'm amazed that anyone could give this game a bad review.The games graphics for the most part are really good. There are some little things that don't look great, and some of the effects aren't the best, however they are above average and not even worth complaining about.The control is simple and shouldn't get in your way much. I just hate when your character runs out of breath, much like in Silent Hill.My favorite part of the game is the sound. You must crank this one! Never before have the "things that go bump in the night" made you so nervous. Only thing scarier would be having this sort of thing happen in your own house. The sound programmers really pulled off something great!This was really an "impulse buy" for me. I hadn't planned on getting a game when I bought this one, I am so glad I did though. A great game, buy it! If you don't own a Gamecube, buy  one, and then buy this game. Pick up the Resident Evil remake and you are in for a treat and a half. While I do recomend this game to everyone, those of you *myself included* who are into the supernatural will just eat this up.Plus, any game that begins with a quote from the Raven is ok by me!
3	B00005Q8M4	I just beat this game and it was pretty fun. It took me 14.5 hours, which is moderate. There's a little replay value, because there are some variations of cutscenes and monsters depending on the Ancient you choose as your enemy in the beginning. There are four Ancients: Ulyaoth, Xel'lotath, Chattur'gha, and Mantorok. Each has it's own personality. You can't choose Mantorok, because he's separate from the other three. He's the Overseer. The other three have one Ancient that they're strong against and one that they're weak against, kinda like elements in pokemon.Your spells are based on the three magic types - body, mind, and spirit. A blue spell will be stronger against a red enemy and weaker against a green one. Monsters of different types will fight each other, so it's nice if you have two enemies kill each other. Red is aligned with physical power, blue with different realms, and green with insanity. To create a spell, you choose the type, the desired affect, and the subject. It's a pretty interesting setup. There's some logic behind it, not just random words. You can eventually tell what kind of spell an enemy is using against you and react accordingly. You have to unlock spells, and you can get spells to do things like summon a monster to fight for you or create a shield. Spells use up blue energy. There's also a meter for health (red) and sanity (green). More on sanity later.The combat is a little slow. If using a weapon, the swing or rate of fire is usually slow, because many weapons are old, like single-fire pistols or a heavy medieval sword. You leave yourself pretty vulnerable. Attacking is just hitting a to attack. You can target different body parts, like chopping off a zombie's arms, to leave them completely defenseless. That's fun.To use a spell, you'll have to wait several seconds while the words are spoken. If you're interrupted, the spell stops. So it can be difficult if you're low on life and you're trying to use a spell to heal, but the enemy keeps hitting you. You can get stuck in a downward spiral until you die, which can be frustrating.If you keep dying, you are forced to watch the cutscenes over in the first play-through. That will get old fast, and waste much of your time. After you play through once, you can skip most cutscenes, but that isn't much comfort if you're stuck on a boss the first time and he keeps killing you.On to the story. The Ancients are sealed away (or something like that) and one of them is trying to get free. It's wreaking havoc and building it's power, and if it is freed, it will be the end for humanity. But, people throughout history are working to prevent that. You play as various characters, from a page of the Middle Ages to a doctor in the colonial era. Each of them are wiped out by the evil god's minions until only one person stands in their way - Alex Roivas. Her grandfather was the latest in the fight against the darkness, but he too gets killed. She must use the Tome of Eternal Darkness, read the stories of the people who came before her, and collect the essences of the other three gods to stop the enemy Ancient.The puzzles in Eternal Darkness are pretty light. Things like match a certain object to the appropriate pedestal, or use the correct spell on an obstacle. If you're looking for deep puzzles, you won't find them here.A cool thing about this game is the sanity meter. As it gets lower, you'll see sanity effects. At first, it's just a trickle of blood here and there on the walls. Then the screen begins to tilt. Eventually, it'll look like your TV or GameCube is doing strange things. Your volume will go down or the game will tell you that your controller is unplugged when it clearly is not. You'll try to cast a spell and your upper body will explode. Then the character will snap out of the illusion. It's pretty interesting, and sometimes it'll creep you out a little. Once, I was in the Roivas mansion, and my sanity was down about a third of the way. I went into the bathroom and checked the tub, and saw my character in a bath of blood, dead. There was a flash and a sudden scream. I jumped a little at that one. This game is definitely a bit scary.Overall, this was a unique and enjoyable game. I recommend it.
3	B00005Q8M4	Eternal Darkness was one of the first game's released for the Nintendo Gamecube and it was developed by silicon knights (the fantastic team behind other great gamecube exclusive, Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes.) This is one of the most creative, innovative, and engrossing games I have ever played and it definitely deserves a lot of attention. However, one important aspect of this game is that the weak of heart or those who are offended by extremely dark themes and  some major gore and violence would probably want to avoid this game. For everyone else though, this is an amazing game that can shell out tons of intense gameplay, and storylines.Story: This is definitely one of the best aspects of this game and should be a selling point. The story revolves mainly around a book called the Book of Tomb. You begin the game by playing as Alexandra Roivas who has come to her grandfather's mansion to identify his body. Alex's grandfather had been brutally murdered and so Alex decides to investigate the mansion to attempt to find clues to who killed her only living relative. Early on in the game, Alex finds the Book of Tomb and from that point on, not only can Alex perform spells, she also begins to find chapter pieces that tell stories of different characters whose lives somehow intertwined with the lives of other characters in different chapters as well as with Alex's murdered grandfather, Edward Roivas. The first chapter that Alex discovers follows the final steps of Pious Augustus, a Toman soldier who discovers a mysterious temple in the desert and whose desire for greatness may lead him down a dark and dangerous path. The unusual part of this game is the fact that as you find chapters and read them (thus assuming the role of whichever character is highlighted in that chapter), more often than not, you play through with that character until their untimely demise. This makes the first parts of the game seem quite futile, but as you move forward in the game, you will find that not all of your character's sacrifices are in vain...Graphics: Since this is one of the first games released for the gamecube, the graphics may seem somewhat inferior to games like resident evil 4 and the metroid prime games. However, upon further examination, it is easy to see that a lot of effort went into the graphics system and the environments are particularly detailed and intricate. I also found that as you went farther into the game, the character models and designs became more realistic and believable. This was a nice touch since the characters later on in the story play more important roles than some of your first characters. (with the exception of Pious, that is) I personally enjoyed the graphics and found that they matched the atmosphere and quality of the game perfectly.Sound: I found that this is one aspect of the game that excelled immensely. All of the sounds that the game makes are engrossing and intense and there is always a sense of fear and despair as you travel through the various locales of the game as you realize the potential for another enemy to jump out at you or for a particular insanity effect (more info in the gameplay section), to kick in. Other sounds such as the sounds that enemy's make and other sounds are creepy and dark.Gameplay: As great as the story of this game is, personally I found the gameplay aspect of the game the most intriguing and best. Essentially the gameplay is divided inbetween playing as Alex and trying to find chapter pieces and then playing as whichever character is in that chapter. You'll find that playing as Alex is not quite as enjoyable as the other characters because there are no enemies and there are a lot less puzzles. These segments are kind of like the prelude or appetizer to the meat of the game which is when you are playing as one of the characters in one of the chapters. Most of the gameplay revolves around hacking and slashing your opponents and solving some very ingenious puzzles. One particularly creative puzzle involved summoning a zombie to step on a switch and start a trap which was attached to a chain that opened a door that you could not get through. There is also a complex magic system that involves finding different runes that when placed in the right order will be able to accomplish a certain task. Different spells include reveal invisible, recover, and magickal attack. There are many more spells in the game and discovering all of them and using them ends up being a creative and engrossing process. There is one facet of gameplay that stands out the most. This is the insanity aspect of the game. Basically, every time an enemy sees you, your sanity meter lowers and the chance for an insanity effect to kick in is much greater. To regain sanity, a finishing move has to be used on a downed enemy. There are many insanity affects in ther game. Walls bleed, statues turn their heads and look at you, characters will walk into a room and explode limb by limb or simply dissappear into the ground. Not all of the insanity effects affect only the characters and you will find that your tv will turn the volume down itself or the game will tell you that all of your data has been erased. These are particularly cool. Different enemies effect your insanity meter differently and you will continually struggle to keep your sanity up. All in all, eternal darkness: sanity's requiem is a game that you should buy and will enjoy immensely.
3	B00005Q8M4	Have been playing this game for 12 hours and I must say it is one of the finest games I have ever played on any system to date. The story is immediately engrossing and lasts for a good 20 hours if you just run through it with no intentions to actually play the game thoroughly. If you want to see everything this game has to offer I hope you can afford 30+ hours easy.The graphics are very good, everything is real-time 3D unlike Resident Evil so resources of the CPU have to render everything including backgrounds, which means that the backgrounds and characters don't look as good as Resident Evil but they are nothing to worry about because details are still very rich and well done. Real-time lighting and volumetric fog and reflections, they are all there. Pictures do NOT do this game justice, because when in motion you immediately can tell it is way beyond the clunky movement of Resident Evil.Sound is very good and surround sound is perfect. The music is moody and dark and the sound effects are outstanding. The voice acting is the best I have heard in a long time, it is actually one of the best parts of the game for a change!Sanity effects are a new addition to gameplay mechanics, now your character can actually go insane and see and hear weird things!This is not close to Resident Evil in any way other than the fact the camera is 3rd person perspective. The game includes a deep magick (yes that's the way it is spelled) system which is more important than how big your gun is since spells play an intricate part in exploring the vast environments. For instance you ca cast a spell that creates a little scorpion type device which can walk into small areas you can't reach. Also, you can create unique and new spells thru combinations of runes to spell out a spell. Basically an enormous amount of combos, almost infinite! Of course you have melee weapons like swords which are not regulars in Resident Evil. Plus the puzzles are not silly but actually BELONG in the environments they are in. No strange gems to unlock the bathroom. ;)The game is very detailed and dark and interesting. It can not be said enough that if you plan on buying this game you seriously need to set aside the time to play in thru well, there are 3 paths you can take with alternate endings and an uber ending. Best BUY for GAMECUBE til Metroid Prime.
3	B00005Q8M4	Let me start off by saying that this game totally rocked my world. In my opinion it blows Resident Evil out of the water, offering so much more to the gamer and ultimately a more rewarding experience. Resident Evil is great, don't get me wrong, I own it and love it. It's just that Eternal Darkness is so much better, in my opinion at least. So let me break it down:Gameplay: The gameplay is top-notch. The controls are great, your character is very responsive, not slow and stiff like Res Evil. The targeting system and combo attack systems work so well that i find myself having alot of fun just going around killing bad guys. You can cut a monsters head off or maybe just both their arms instead, then when they're lying on the ground you can finish them off with a final blow (which recovers some of your sanity). This brings me to the sanity meter, which is so awesome. Every time you encounter monsters you lose some sanity, if it goes down all the way expect strange things to happen (no spoilers here). Let's just say that experiencing the insanity effects is one of the coolest things in the game. There is also a deep magick system (yes- that's magic with a k) which enables you to combine rune stones to create your own magic spells. Very cool indeed, offering even more depth to the gameplay.Graphics: The graphics can range from great to spectacular. The lighting and ambience to each level is superb (especially indoor levels). The collision detection is nearly spot-on (with a few minor issues). When you swing a sword against a wall it will scrap against it and create sparks. It's details like this which put the graphics into the spectacular category. The graphics may not impress you more than Res Evil, but when taking into consideration that Eternal Darkness offers a completely 3D world to explore (no 2D prerendered backgrounds here) Eternal Darkness is more impressive.Sound: The sound is also another area that this game excells in. The voice-acting in particular is some of the best i've ever heard in any game (blows the voice acting in Res Evil out of the water). And the musical score and sound effects are both outstanding as well. Everything draws you into the experience, making the story really come alive.Overall: It may actually be the story that is Eternal Darkness's strongest point. Without giving anything away it is very dark and cool. You will switch between 12 different characters over the course of the game, spanning the course of 20 centuries. There's a solid 25-50 hours of gameplay (depending on the gamer), with alternate gameplay paths. There's even supposed to be an "uber-ending" if you beat the game 3 times, which is something I could easily see myself doing (the game is too much fun to put down). Eternal Darkness is just so much fun and has some very unique elements that elevate it to the level of masterpiece. It even supports progressive scan, 16x9 widecreen, and Dolby Pro Logic II modes! A must-have game, which no self-respecting GameCube owner would be without. Don't hesitate, purchase this game NOW!
3	B00005Q8M4	At 3:33 A.M., Alexandra Roivas, a student, receives a call, telling that something bad happened with her grandfather in Rhode Island. She was his only living relative. She takes a plane to the island, and she sees... Her grandfather is dead, in a real pool of blood. His head has been taken, but there were no hints about what could have done that. Alexandra decides to stay in Rhode Island, trying to find out what happened to her grandfather. But, to do that, she would have to fight against her sanity, and fight against the darkness, the Eternal Darkness.- Graphics: There are some good graphics in this game. You can't compare them with games such as Resident Evil (for GameCube, also). But they're far from being bad graphics, trust me...- Fun: It's fun because your adventures happen since before Christ, until 2000... You can use weapons of that particular time, clothes from that time... And there is a lot of violence in this game too. If you like cutting heads off with your sword, or if you like to explode guts, this game is for you. And it's really frightening... Another fun thing is the sanity. When you see a monster or whatever, your sanity drops, and if you let your character with less sanity, it will start to hear screams, babies crying, it will talk to itself, it will see bugs in the camera, blood in the walls and MANY other things. To recover your sanity, you can use magick (yes, it's magick, not magic...) or explode monster's guts, finishing it...- Educative: There are some educative things because you travel through different centuries with many characters, so you (and your kids, if you let them) can see what weapons were used in that time, what clothes, how were the constructions... But there is also plenty of blood and violence.- Durability: It is well-kept if you keep it at the package, don't worry.Nintendo has finally done a mature game, with violence and blood. Be careful with your character's sanity while playing the game... And your own.
3	B00005QB9M	It has been said that the difference between work and play is point-of-view, and nowhere in the Computer/Video Game world is that better demonstrated than Capitalism 2. Graphs, stock prices, manufacturing concerns, research and development: Is it an exciting game of running business empires or a dull training program for future suits?Answer: That depends.I got this game when it first came out (after playing Capitalism Plus for a while) and really just couldn't get into it for many months. Rather illogical: I had played and enjoyed the first game quite a bit, and Capitalism II is Capitalism Plus, only more so. Greater depth, better graphics (there's an almost pointless piece of praise), and more, More, MORE! depth of play.But I just wasn't in the mood for a business sim. Boredom can set in in any game if you're not in the mood for it, but one feels especially absurd simulating WORK as recreation. So, I backed off, determined to come back later when the mood struck me, to see if it was just me, or if there was something in the game itself that made it less playable. I'm happy to report, it was just me. If you're in the mood for a business sim, this one can keep you happy for a long, long time. (At least as long as the mood lasts.)Let me reiterate this point, however: You have to enjoy this kind of game at the get-go. If you find business sims boring or too complex, this isn't going to convert you.Capitalism 2 allows you to make money through: retail outlets, manufacturing consumer products, manufacturing industrial products, raw material procurement (mining, crops, livestock, logging), stock market shenaningans, real estate and even a CEO salary (you have an alter ego who can draw a salary and buy a mansion, as well as running your business). You can specialize in a variety of retail areas (footwear, food, computers, leather) or try to obtain de facto monopolies. (You can't stop competitors from entering a field, but you can make a product so superior that they are unable to sell their own products. You can also leverage the money from your monopoly to enter other fields and steal market share by dumping products. The former is a nice fantasy; the latter, of course, is how one famous software company works.)No business simulation is perfect, nor even particularly realistic, in the sense of an average consumer thinking: "Yes, this is the price that I'd pay for a product and this is how I'd buy it", and Capitalism II has its own quirks. (Setting aside for a moment some essential game quirks, like retail outlets offering a maximum of four products.)For example, most of my games turned into vertical conquests. If I want to dominate computers (the goal of the first non-tutorial scenario), I would expect to be able to buy electrical components, plastic, steel and silicon, so that I can focus my efforts on building a better CPU (and later, building better electrical components) since that is the element with the broadest effect on my products.But in the very first scenario, where your big edge is a high level technology in palm computers, you'll find there is no silicon for sale (nor even silica, which you could at least use to make silicon). So I had to start by building a silica mine. (In fact, I may have even had to build an oil well to get plastics, I'm not sure now.) That seems like a bad way to start players out.By the end of the game, I had an iron mine and a coal mine to boot, to build my own steel. Really, how many computer companies own their own iron, steel, silica and oil resources? I also owned quite a few retail stores and was selling most of my own products.This game would probably be especially fun in multiplayer, where you could pair up with people to focus on horizontal markets. In fact, it'd probably make a great and fun business class exercise with eight-lpayer teams. I'm not keen on putting up company-specific network code on my machine (I don't do Battle.Net or GameSpy, for example), and I don't think much of Ubisoft in particular, so I never bothered to try to find anyone to play on-line against.There are two "campaigns": The first is a tutorial, and it's a campaign in the sense that each scenario builds on what you learned in the previous one; the second isn't a campaign at all, it's just a bunch of unrelated scenarios which appear to be roughly in order of difficulty. And the first scenario of the non-tutorial campaign is significantly harder than the last scenario of the tutorial campaign, possibly leading to early frustration.All-in-all, though, this is a really good game. Dizzying in its depth. Substantial learning curve. As a business sim/game I would give it five stars except for a few missing interface features:* There's no way to tell at a glance which resources you can buy. (You can find out what your opponents are selling, but the only way to find out what's available at seaports is to check them all out manually.)* When hiring people to work for you, there's no way to sort or filter those with a particular skill. You have to look through them all.* Navigating through the multitude of screens is not as easy as it should be: There's a back button which allows you to toggle between two screens, but it really isn't adequate. Also, when you right click from some screens to go back to the main map, the game seems to send you to a home position which has no relation to where you left the main map.These and a few other similar interface issues may seem like minor annoyances, but they're (barely) enough to knock my score down to four stars. Overall, though, a good experience for armchair moguls.
3	B00005QB9M	I am not a game pro just an average player of games. I found that I get bored quick, but so far this game has kept my attention. The game has a tutorial which is great, but on the other hand I haven't found a way to not play without the tutorial for the entrepreneur's campaign. The music get very annoying quickly that I had to turn it off to play. The graphic reminds me of sim type games, and is very challenging. I do enjoy the custom game the best over the campaigns. When I get better I will play the campaigns. The book that comes with the game is great. It has all you need in it. I try to play without the book at first, but found out that I had to read the whole book to understand the game better. All in all the game is fun. My husband and I fight over who going to get on the computer to play it, and for how long. If my husband who is only interested in fighting, and sports game enjoy this game then I am sure you will.
3	B00005QB9M	Ever wanted to run your own business? Like business simulations? Then this is the game for you!!! This is the best Business simulation I've ever seen. Start-up 2000 and The Corprate Machine do not even compare. Capitalism 2 is extremely cusomizable and has very few unrealistic limitations, which makes it one of the most realistic Business games ever. You can be a manufacturer, a retailer, a real estater, or invest stock on your other componies, or all ok it!!! This game is so in depth you'll confuse it for reality. You can make a custome game, or play a game with an ultamite goal, such as reach a profit of $20,000,000 a month in 10 years. The compeditors are usually agressive a cunning, but sometimes make dumb mistakes, like everybody does. Unlike most games out there, you can sell almost anything you can think of. From Canned Corn and Ice Cream, to Stereos, DVD players, and Cars. You can even sell what your compeditors make, as they do to you. So everybody makes money. You can also invest stock, decide how much to pay yourself, set divendins, and have other people buy your stock and your compeditors. It is imposible to tell you how realistic this game is. A little advice. Start building and sellinh simple at the beggining of the game. Palm Computers take a lot to make and take a while before they make money. Start with small stores selling seaport imported products and products you can make simply.Pros: REALISTIC, CUSTOMIZABLE, SMART AICons: AI sometimes, yet rarely rediculously dumb, You'll be adicted forever!!! Muhahahaha!!!Final Verdict: Currently the closest thing to a real business for a dirt cheap price!! BUY IT TODAY!!!
3	B00005QB9M	Very realistic simulation of how to set up a corporation, run businesses, and keep your shelves stocked and your employees happy. Every aspect of business is covered in this game/simulation. If you want to produce chocolate bars, you can grow Cocoa or buy it from the Seaport. If you want to sell chocolate, you can choose to sell it in your stores. Want to take over another corporation, just buy up their stock on the stock market. If you want to give yourself a big raise from running your corporation, you can do that, just make sure you can afford it! Can be used as a tool to teach about business; but can also be used to have a lot fun. It was very entertaining creating 'J-Mart' and becoming the biggest seller of tobacco and cigarettes!
3	B00005QB9M	Some people just don't get it. There is nothing that will really get you to stand up and point this game out to anyone else. There is nothing here that you can do that would impress your friends or what not.Think of the game as a school course, or sim city will just the money and business part.I find the game fun to play, but I also love the idea behind business and creating one.If you don't know numbers, if your looking to take over the &quot;world&quot; or blow something up, this is really the wrong game for you.Now if your looking for how to set up a business, or how to run a corperation then I would say this is a rather good game to start with.From building a farm, to a factory. A retail store or a market you can get a good idea of how it is done.Expect to spend 3-6 hours just LEARNING the game, then you will enjoy it.
3	B00005QB9N	Wow.  This is definitely the best FPS I've ever played.  Realism, free-roaming, accurate weapon depictions (I love the OICW).  Can't wait for the expansion(s).Just one question.  Hasn't the Army ever heard of a semiautomatic sniper rifle?
3	B00005QB9N	I've always been a Tom Clancy game and I like the planning missions out beforehand approach. However, it gets frustrating at times when u get shot in the head and thus taken out after just one shot. There were several times when I almost broke a controller playin this game. But overall, it has solid graphics and its one of those that is frustrating, but will keep u wanting to play more to overcome the challenges.
3	B00005QB9N	This is a game for people with a lot of patience.  No charging through levels and beating it the first time.  More like attempting the same level a dozen times before getting it perfect (for me anyway).  And since your guys die from a single gunshot most of the time, getting it perfect is pretty much required.  You can make it through levels having lost some of the team members, but since the guys aquire skills with each level passed, letting them get killed off is out of the question for me.
3	B00005QB9N	I could only play a few levels.  Once I got up to the mission with the tanks, my frame rate went right out the window.  Simply unplayable.  I run a ATI Radeon 8500 with64 Megs RAM on a 1.5 Intel P4 system, 256 Megs of system RAM.  Simply no excuse why at any resolution I could not get a good frame rate.  Went out, got all the latest and greatest drivers, no good.  I bumped everything down, even the res to 800x600 16 bit colour, still no good.  I turned down details, and eventually, it just got ot the point where I lost interest in it.  However, I did play the missions I could over and over again, until I could run them in my sleep.If you are lucky enough NOT to have problems with it, this game is outstanding.  However, if you end up like me, where you can just tell the computer is thinking far too much between draws, it's good right up until the point of failure.Later note:  Driver updates and patches fixed the slow frame-rate issue.  The game is an outstanding title and I moved the 4 star rating up to a 5  star as now it plays properly and plays better than I had hoped.
3	B00005QB9N	Ghost Recon is a fine blend of gaming styles. It borrows parts from Land Warrior, Flashpoint, and Rainbow. Ghost Recon has the graphical detail of Rogue Spear, and the strategic depth of Landwarrior. The game format allows you to plan 'on the fly,' which is very helpful in real-life combat engagements. And this flexibility doesn't compromise the game's graphics (as Landwarrior does). The hard drive req. of 955 Megs is fairly ominous, but the game is very operator friendly. Aside from only a minor sound problem, which was quickly fixed, the game offered me no complications. If you want a realistic, challenging, and high quality, first-person combat strategy game, get Ghost Recon today.
3	B00005QB9N	I was at the store and I saw this game.  I had to make a decision between either this or Operation Flashpoint.  I chose this because I am a big fan of Rainbow Six and I heard Ghost Recon was similar.  What a great decision I made, since I've got this game, it's hard not to get away from it.  The graphics.....well..are graphic.  For example when you throw a gernade or shoot your gernade launcher and it explodes near the enemy, you'll see the enemy's body fly a bit from the concusion of the gernade and shrapnel flying everywhere.Even more graphic is when you shoot somebody, especially with the sniper rifle, they react pretty realistically.  The best way to explain it is comparing it to Saving Private Ryan when that sniper was taken out all those Germans from the bell tower.  I really felt like a "bad-to-the-bone" sniper.  The sound effects are just as awesome.  Each level had distinct sound effects, like in level 8 you can hear jets flying over head and artillary fire in the distance.  In level 9 you hear the slosh of the mud as you work your way through the swamps and you can hear rain falling into the shallow water, on top of that, the scenery is absolutely beautiful, although you don't have much time to enjoy it while you're being shot at.Another great thing about this game is how upgradable it is.  You can download weapons, items and missions from the internet called "MODS" and have them in your game making it even more fun.  I even downloaded a mod that made the game even bloodier and wounds more realistic to the eye.  There is a lot of support out there for this game, especially websites created by fans where you can download great items .... With all those options out there on the web, the game never gets stale.However, like all games out there, this is not all perfect.  One big downside is, to really enjoy this game, you need to download a patch for this game which weighs in at a whopping 44Mb.  Enemies can sometimes not be realistic.  You could be a mile away and an enemy takes you out with one shot, they are sometimes way to accurate to be realistic, thus leaving you to unconventionally manipulate certain areas where you know the enemy is, in order to beat that level, giving you the feeling that you're beating the gamedesigner, rather than the enemy.  Another thing that I wasn't super crazy about was you can't see your rifle barrel in front of you when you're playing, although its minor and doesn't effect gameplay, it's just something that I feel would've added to the realism.  Other than that the game is quite fun.  Also getting on the internet to play is even more fun.  I almost feel like I'm playing paintball or laser tag with other people.  It's not hard to start up multiplayer over the internet, it's free and you can play decently at even 56k.  I play at around 36k or even lower and it seems to do fine.  This game is a bit expensive but I highly recommend giving it a try and you wont regret.  I'm glad I did and it works really smoothly on my two year old LAPTOP!
3	B00005QB9N	To start, I'm running a Pentium 4 1.6GHZ, 256MB RAM, to a 19 inch trinitron Monitor, backed up by the Nvidia Geforce3 TI series 3d Accelerator. The graphics are AMAZING. The sound is even more mind boggling. You'll actual FEEL like your out on the battle field. The best part of the game is the ease of game play itself. The controls for a game of this level could have been extremely hard to learn. However, you can adjust the entire keyboard to fit your standards. If your someone who's sick of buying computer games that are too hard to learn how to play, or too fast paced to even enjoy, then say hello to Ghost Recon. It's the most playable, yet high tech game on the market today. I'm a huge fan of SWAT 3, and this is the military version. I highly suggest you try it.**Update**I put this on my new Dell 8200 system (P4 2.8ghz, Geforce 4 Ti 4600) and let me tell you its even BETTER looking. This is a masterpiece of computer gaming. I also have the Pro-Media 5.1 Surround Sound system at 500 watts with 6 speakers, and the sound is even more out of this world. If youve got the system setup GO for this one.
3	B00005QB9N	Dear familyI'm fully aware on how each and every one of you objected to me joining the military, but I wanted to "See the world" and protect my country (For security reasons, i'll refer to myself as ghost 325).  I've joined up with an elite group of army soldiers called, "The ghosts"  Some of the hardest troop's you'll ever meet.  They're the best of the best.  They have the highest training and access to some cool weapons.After becoming a squad commander, I was sent with my men to Europe, where communist nutheads were uprising and attempting to revive the old communist state (But i'm sure you know about that, it's been all over the headlines back home).  My men and I were the spearhead of the militaries operations.  We were sent on missions that ranged from capturing a general, to blowing up a bridge to rescuing some of our fellow soldiers from a prisoner of war camp.  In this military, everything feels new and exciting.  After we finished a mission, my boys and I could hardly wait to go out on the next one.  My personal enthusiasm was very high.Our foes are a lot more cunning then those paintball match opponents that I fought with back home.  They're really smart and fighting them can be a nerve racking experience.  They often fire at us before we even see them, causing us to hit the dirt and scramble to find out where they are.  It's dangerous, because unlike in vide games, all it takes is one (or at the max, three) bullets to kill a man.  That keeps us alert and weary at all times.  Our foes try to flank us, keep us pinned down with heavy fire.  Luckily, they are not totally smart.  If we keep still they often come cautiously walking out to try and find us, making them easy to kill.  Or we send our sniper to outflank and kill them (So much fun).  Luckily, my friends in the ghosts are life savers.  They often fire at bad guys I dont even notice and often cut them down quickly.  I can count on these guys to back me up in combat.  They do get a bit stuck on doors and stairs sometimes (must be the beer we sometimes drink after missions), and at times they act so stupid that I literaly have to take control of them to get something done.  But in the end I'd be mincemeat withought them.  And to back it up, we get to shoot some mighty powerful guns, like the m-16, the M203 and the incredible anti-tank rocket launcher.  All of them sound exactly like they should, not like the sound bits in video games back home.When they say that you see the world in the military, they were right.  We've been everywhere from lovely little villiages, murky swamps and even the heart of Moscow.  Everything is so awesome to look at, and the forests are beautiful.  Sometimes i've found myself simply gawking at the scenery rather then focusing on a mission.All in all, a career with the ghosts is quite exciting.  Every mission is different, the degree of job difficulty is just right, and our campaign against the reds was quite long, and we have the option to have fun in quick mission mode, a new simulator that the military cooked up.  I'm looking forward to see where my travels with the Ghosts will take me.Your son,Ghost #325
3	B00005QB9N	First, this game runs fine right out of the box. In the age of Pool of Radiance, it is nice to know that you don't have to check the internet for patches before you install a game.Second, the tutorial is informative and actually kind of fun. This was a pleasant surprise for me after playing Rainbow Six shooting ranges.Third, the game has great graphics. Trees sway, the snipers wear real sniper outfits, and the tracers flying by your head make you want to duck for cover.Fourth, the game has a very user-friendly interface. Commanding your troops mid-battle is extremely simple, removing the need for the complex planning that made the Rainbow Six games so boring for me.Fifth, this is a very fun game. Blowing up tanks is just a very fun thing to do in a computer game. Added touches like the realistic sniper rifle zoom make the game one you'll want to keep playing. In fact, I think I'm going to play it right now.
3	B00005QB9N	Well . i don't own this anymore.A great game , but it and the rest of Clancey's game ware out after time, I play  the R6 games  and Splinter cell , but even they get a bit boring  and well the graphics are a bit old, but not bad.I how ever haven't played Vages or the newer GR games  yet , so I'll review them  next.over all it's a descent play .Be sure to check out CTGossamers , coming in 2008 , were I'll review games for PC and PS2 and as soon as I get a Ps3 or 360 . I'll review games for those consoles as well.
3	B00005QB9N	While i enjoyed the multiplayer of Rainbow Six i hated the single player which was nearly impossible due to lack of save games. Ghost Recon has full save games. Good and bad. Good, you can save anywhere. Bad, makes the game quite linear. The gameplay is amazing with excellent level design, graphics and sound effects. Ghost Recon is a very realistic game. You can only carry two weapons and a single gun shot can kill you or wound you badly. The biggest problem is that the main menu is at low resolution and the movies do not play sometimes. When i played at 640x480 i can view the movie cutsence but at higer resolution i don't sometimes. I did not have anyother problems beside that. Ghost Recon is a must if you like stealth shooters.
3	B00005QB9N	Excellent game. First game I tried on computer and it's better than the Playstation 2, game. A must for a beginner or a veteram.
3	B00005QB9N	Don't get me wrong it's an sweet game, but the weapons selsction is very poor. You can unlock more weapons, but it would have been better with them already unlocked (the players). Other than that is is almost the same as the other Tom Clancy games.
3	B00005QB9N	First off, this game has installed and ran just fine on my system right out out of the box with no patches. It's also been quite stable and has not yet crashed even once. I know all systems are different, so for reference, here's mine: An Athlon 1.2 ghz. with 256 megs system ram, an NVidia GeForce 2 with 32 megs video ram, and an SB Live basic sound card. On my system it runs best at 800 x 600 resolution with all details maxed. The game has a 640 x 480 option, but that's as low as you can go. It also has 1024 x 768 and many higher than that, but you'd better have a monster pc if you want to go higher. But even at 800 x 600, this game looks stunning! The outdoor areas are vast and beautiful; completely convincing.My review will focus completely on the SINGLE-PLAYER game, since that's all I ever play. I've heard multiplayer is good too, but I know nothing about that, so read no further if that's your interest. Please note I have nothing against multiplayer gaming, I've just always been a loner and like the self-contained aspect of a good single-player game.The gameplay in Ghost Recon is fantastic. I am a veteran first person shooter fan (and by the way, this game plays in first-person viewpoint), and I was skeptical about this game being too difficult for me to manage. I am used to simple, straightforward gameplay, and the prospect of controlling 6 characters seemed like it would be a daunting task. But it's not difficult at all. Anyone who has experience playing FPS's should have no trouble getting the hang of this. The controls are intuitive, and re-mappable to your liking if you don't like the factory settings. You can give your team members orders using a simple command map, or you can move them around individually by switching bodies. The strategies you can use are limited only by your imagination. If your character dies, you can switch into another's body and continue playing, until all 6 of your guys are dead.I installed and ran the game without so much as a glance at the 64-page manual, and I had it figured out quickly. I will admit to using the included keyboard reference chart however. I planned on just taking a look at the game and setting up all the options, and then quitting until the next day. But instead, I ended up totally involved in the first mission for 3 hours, completely glued to my screen, convinced I was actually there. The enemy AI is excellent, which makes gameplay difficult, but never frustrating. If you get killed, it's not because of some stupid programming glitch. It's because you got outsmarted or outflanked, which makes you want to try even harder to beat the enemy next time.There are lots of choices if you're looking for a game like this. I've played Operation Flashpoint and Deadly Dozen too. And I gave them both 5 stars because I loved them both. But Ghost Recon tops them. If you have absolutely no experience in this and want to see what you're getting into first, try the demo. Or for a lot less money you can get Deadly Dozen, which is a very similar game and will give you a pretty good feel. Personally, I own them all and have not regretted any of the purchases. They each have their high points and personalities. If you've got the horsepower, I recommend Ghost Recon wholeheartedly!
3	B00005QB9N	yup ghost recon requires every ounce of your patience.i kind of have a lovenhate relationship with this one.at times i used to get so flustered with this one that i used to bang doors,and sometimes i would be shouting with joy.well the thing is have to know at what part of terrain u have to chose with ghost to be ur leader,and then to use the leader effectively.yup these are the two things,but to realzie them u have to play a level multiple times.
3	B00005QB9N	This game is perfect. I loved all of RedStorms other games, but this one has to be the best. It's right next to Rainbow Six: Rogue Spear. Ghost Recon is very good because you can go straight into the action. The key controls are very simiular to Rainbow Six, but the best part is, there is no planning stage. You go straight into the action and then tell your people what to do from there. The games graphics are very good, but could use just a tad bit of work. The AI, however, is very much like a human, even on Recruit mode. This is a great game, and I think that any Tom Clancy or Rainbow Six fan will be very happy.
3	B00005QB9N	This program really uses your computer up - so make sure you have a fast processor and adequate video and system memory before considering purchase. I have a 1.2ghz AMD with a 32mb video card and Ghost Recon only runs in the lowest video settings.Gameplay is really great. For those of you that played Rouge Spear everything will be very familiar to you in this game as far as controls and interface are concerned. The maps are pretty big, and the enemies have really good AI programs. They are probably twice as 'smart' as in Rouge Spear.One thing I didn't like is the taking away of the detailed mission planning capabilities. In Rouge Spear you could plan it down to the smallest detail - orchestrating your forces. In Ghost Recon it is a much more simple interface - the planning can only be basic.Buy this game if you have a fast computer and like a somewhat more intelligent shooter game than the average gore fests.
3	B00005QB9N	If you've never played any of the Tom Clancy games like this one before, you might get a little frusterated playing online.  One shot, one kill.  After playing the single player, I jumped online and spent a lot of time getting killed in the first few secs.  You have to look for online enemy targets more cause other ppl will see you from quite a ways away and nail you if you're not watching, but your eyes will grow more intune to finding them.  I've grown to love this game more--about 1 1/2 years now and still have fun playing the single player missions over again...the most fun is at the hardest level.There is a lot to learn when first starting out if all you've played are games like Quake or UT, but this game is tons of fun and highly competitive online.  Most players online are good, and the online troublemakers( FF) get booted soon.  I almost got booted my first couple of games cause I opened fire on my online team mates by accident...best to use the reticle that displays the team members name( don't use the gunsight color changes when on friendly as it takes too long to tell if it's a team member or not.)This game would be the absolute best game of this type online right now if it had better graphics like some of the other newer games out there.  Riding in vehicles would be a plus too...BF1942 is a fun fast paced game cause you have so many vehicles and planes you can jump in, but for realism, Ghost Recon is way better.
3	B00005QB9N	It is very hard but its fun to play. The graphics are good. Good game for ages 10 and up.
3	B00005QB9N	This game is amazing, and probably is the best of 2001 (though I have yet to play Return to Castle Wolfenstein). So why aren't I giving it 5 stars? Well unfortunately I still think that Red Storm has some glitches to clear up before this game is worthy of the full five stars. I have a good computer which I've tried to build specifically for gaming and first person shooters. I have all the requirements that should make this game run perfectly, but I am still experiencing some lag. The game is so intense, however, that I am able to forget about the slight glitches except when they become so bad that I must restart the game. When the game is at its best, it's phenomenal. It is the closest thing to real combat that has been released thus far. I've played realistic games and games such as Halflife where one shot doesn't kill, and I appreciate both styles of first-person shooter. If you're more preferential to the Halflife-style game where you can take a rocket to the chest and not die, then don't buy this game because one shot almost always kills. The game rewards you for success by unlocking more specialists as you continue, and awarding your outstanding performances with combat medals and ribbons. I thought that this was the most unique aspect of the game, as well as the combat points that can enhance each of your characters. This game is awesome and truly amazing. It would be perfect if not for the above-mentioned glitches. Don't let that fool you though, you need to experience this game to call yourself a fan of the first-person shooter genre. It blows the Rainbow Six series out of the water.
3	B00005QB9N	Trust me, this game is the best tactical shooter EVER. Not that I am a big fan of tactical shooters: I think that alot could be done with all the Tom Clancey games. Like more in-game scripted moments and the taking out the fact that every mission goes just the way it was planned. But with the absents of scripted moments, you get to make your own, which I have to say, is INCREDIBLY fun. Nothing is better than to infiltrate a base with a sniper, get him in position on a high post. Command a heavy assault guy to infiltrate the base and give him cover fire with your sniper while he runs to the target. Or sending in alpha squadron to rescue POWS, but all except one of your guys dies, and that guy is pinned down. So you call in bravo squadron to rescue that guy and he lives to see another day (but he is wounded severly, he got shot in the arm and the leg).  I only gave it a 4 because the game isnt as hectic as that all the time: some missions are not that great. The ending mission is just like all the others. The worse thing about this game is friendly AI, the enemy AI is the best I've ever seen, but the friendly AI, is not that good. Sometimes it is good but most of that time it isnt, but that doesnt do as much damage as you might think. It is still a fun, enjoying experience I recommend to anybody who likes this genre.
3	B00005QB9N	I bought Ghost Recon not too long ago. I've heard it was pretty good and I have always loved the Rainbow Six series. So I'd thought I'd try this game out. I ripped open the box right when I got home and when I inserted the cd in my pentium 4 processor I was simply amazed! Ghost Recon is a complete edge of your seat thrill ride! Most people say that their version run on their computer. Well, this game ran on my 1.3GHz Pentium 4 Processor just fine, and to top it off I have an extremely fast cable modem hooked up for those sweet multiplayer games! Anyway, I'll start off by telling you why Ghost Recon is like no other game.First, I'll start out with the awesome single-player missions. When you load up your game you'll start off in your first mission. You're a Ghost (The Ghosts are a US military team that are always first in line with the latest weapons, training, and technology.) and have to lead your squads to victory. You will choose six soldiers to support you in these daring missions. You can choose from Riflemen, Support Soldiers, Demolination Specialists, and of course, Snipers that can cloak easily if crouching beside trees, bushes, and other certain objects. Each soldier you choose will affect your mission. Some are best in leadership, others are best in heavy assault weapons to shoot down enemies quickly and forcefully. Each soldier also carries two weapons or items. You can choose their kits to make your mission a little more balanced out. Picking your soldiers carefully is extremely important in your missions. If you pick one wrong soldier then you may not make it out alive. After you choose your soldiers carefully, then you're ready to step behind enemy lines and drop the hammer.You can easily command your squads using the command map. You can tell your soldiers where to hide, attack, etc. You can be on one side of an enemy's base, while the other side is being ambushed. The command map is an extremely useful item in the game, especially if you want to storm a base. You can divide your soldiers into three different squads. The squads are Alpha Team, Bravo Team, and Charlie Team. It's best to have different squads if you need to advance an enemy attack.Ghost Recon is a very realistic game. The AI is just simply amazing itself. Your enemies are smart and you're going to have to out smart them with your squads right behind your back to cover you. You'll have to do all crazy kinds of tasks just to succeed, which I think is truly awesome! You can shoot the enemy and they'll be dead or wounded depending where they hit you. I mostly go for the head so they're dead right away. However, if you shoot an enemy soldier, or if they fire at you, other enemies may hear the gunshots and form a huge squad of their own to bring you down. So it's important on which soldier you take out first. Like I said, Ghost Recon is a very realistic game, there is no health which is a pretty cool thing because it's just like being in a real combat situation. If you get shot you'll be dead or wounded depending on where you got shot. The maximum times to get shot is two times so you have to be very careful and thing of insane stratistic moves to outsmart your enemies.There are many different enemies, vehicles, and weapons throughout the game. You'll have to blow up enemy tanks with your anti-tank rocket launcher, shoot down hard-to-find enemy soldiers with your sniper, and free innocent hostages and civilians just to succeed.Well, I don't want to ruin everything for your experience in single-player, so I'll move onto the exciting multi-player games.Multi-player is a lot better than single-player in my opinion. Up to 36 players can join games to take the fun rating to an absolute thrill ride. You can start playing multi-player by going to the Ghost Recon main menu and clicking on multiplayer. However, I do this a whole different way. I use Gamespy Arcade to find a lot more servers and games to join. Gamespy Arcade is a free program that let's you find hundreds of more servers and games that are being played on Ghost Recon right now. You can easily chat with other players, or you can simply join or create a clan. You can see a game's total ping on Gamespy Arcade and what type of game it is. In other words, Gamespy Arcade let's you find hundreds or yet thousands of more servers, games, and hardcore gamers just like you. If you're new to the multiplayer gaming world then get Gamespy Arcade.Multiplayer is a lot better than single-player. You can have tournaments, win cool prizes, and make some cool friends. Plus, the maps are bigger, better, more obstacles, etc., and to top it off there are many different gameplay modes! Gameplay modes consist of Hamburger Hill (never played that yet), Last Man Standing (you have to be the last man standing), sharpshooter (intelligent mode where you have to win with your sharp-shooting skills), Recon, Co-Op Missions (You can play the single player missions with other people!), and a heck of a lot more! I suggest you have a really good connection though to have fun in the multiplayer world. That means that you should have a cable modem or a higher connection for faster games. If you play on a 56k modem chances are it'll take a long time to even fire a single bullet. To make your multiplayer experience more enjoyable, I suggest you create or join a really good clan. Clans are groups of people that try to be the best of the best by destroying other clans just to make it to the top. You'll be expected to participate in tournaments (some tournaments give out prizes such as free 80 GB hard drives if you're just in first place). You can form a peace treaty with other clans to help you stay alive on the battlefield, you'll also come upon rivals and enemies trying to squash your clan. Joining or creating a clan is a whole new experience in multiplayer gaming because you'll have allies, enemies, backstabbers, rivals, etc. Well, this about wraps up the multiplayer mode in Ghost recon.Ghost Recon is a complete joyride involving many different strategies to overcome. This is such a realistic game that it actaully feels like you're in a real combat situation. If you want a game that let's you form new strategies to stomp your enemies, sharp eye-popping graphics, complete overwhelming storyline, awesome multiplayer world, supperior AI that you'll have to outsmart and shoot down quickly, and sweet hot sizziling gameplay that will keep you on the edge of your seat, then I say buy Ghost Recon!
3	B00005QB9N	Lets start off with the fact that for Ghost Recon to run smoothly, and nicely on your computer you must have a good computer in every way possible. Not just a good video card, but that helps, you will probebly need a pentium 4 1.6Ghz, around 700mb of RAM, and a 64mb video card. I'm saying this becuase my pc meets or beats all of these features and I had never had a bug, the graphics were startilingly wonderful, not flawless but name me a game that is, the sound is superly realistic and the game play is one of the best you will ever find. There has been some complaints on the fact you don't see the hands and arms in the action mode but they seem not to realize that this game deals with the elite branch of the military, and that the view is actually coming from the scope of the weapon. Thats why you can "zoom in and out" with the gun. Though, I'm lost on the fact that with handguns, grenades, or bombs of some kind you still don't see your hand or weapon (though you cannot zoom in and out) even though there is no scope, a problem that should have been addressed though a problem that does not diminsh the fun factor of the game. The problem I found with the game was the fact the environment was very not interactive. You can't pick up an assualt rifle from a fallen enemy when you ran out of bullets, you can't drop weapons, and you can't pick up bullets hidden away in enemy bunkers for your weapon. This is the only thing that I believed the makers should have focused on. Also, the fact that their is only 15 missions which go by rather quick. I just ordered Desert Siege and am looking forward for it to arrive.
3	B00005QB9N	Red Storm has worked magic once again. The days of enclosed areas dueling it out with terrorists are over, and now you get to be unleashed from small maps into the great expanses of Ghost Recon.Im not going to throw all the praise at this game, because you have heard it before. I will say that every good thing that has been said about this game is true.The graphics are mesmerizing, no blocky testures and flat polygons anywhere. It is like you are standing on the battlefield it is so realistic looking. I have played many FPS', but none compare to this.The AI is frightening. They will organize themselves and come after you in groups using advance and cover maneuvers. Your team can be torn apart if your not careful, because Red Storm has worked wonders with the AI.Gameplay, like the rest of the game, is excellent. &quot;Must play&quot;  is not the phrase for this game, it is addiction once you start, and so good, even in its current form that you just will not want to stop playing!Multtiplayer, the most important feature of any game like this is a Rainbow 6 fan's dream! Up to 36 people can play simultaneously, with individual squad leaders which teammates select. It is the Rogue Spear fun factor times 10... And I played Rogue Spear nonstop online since its initial release.If you like FPS', wargames, realism, or anything military, buy this. There is no way you will regret it if you meet even one of the requirements at all.Not for the kid who likes jumping 50 feet in the air and firing a rocket launcher at the same time. One shot kills, and this game is all about realism.
3	B00005QB9N	In a sentance, "THIS GAME ROCKS!". If you are a person who love's first person PC games or someone who has played the Rainbow Six series, you definitely owe it to yourself to at least try the demo of this game ... . I have played the Rainbow Six series and they were all enjoyable and entertaining, but this takes the best parts of that series and amplifies them ten-fold!! I am playing on a menial system, a PII, 400 MMX system with only 192 MB of RAM and a GForce 2 MX 400 PCI card, but it still looks and plays great!!! It does need a lot of system resource available, but you don't need a super-system to run it. I can't wait until the mission pack comes out soon, although, I can't help but be disappointed a little as the mission pack is only 8 single player missions compared to the full 15 in the game. I am a bit spoiled, but after the pure fun I experienced while playing the game, it is a little hard not to. If you want overly true-to-life strategizing, then buy a Rainbow Six product or perhaps Operation:Flashpoint. If you want straight out-of-the-box fun and beautiful graphics, buy this game!!! You will be glad you did!
3	B00005QB9N	(Note: This review is based on the Xbox version, but I have not included any Xbox-specific features.)Ghost Recon is a welcome break from death match, you-must-be-on-speed-to-keep-up type games. Instead of pulling a trigger and running around until you kill someone, this game forces you to develop detailed strategies to accomplish your tasks. The action you do encounter (and there is plenty) is intensified by the fact the stakes are much higher -- a couple of bullets or a well-placed grenade takes you out of the game. This forces you to develop a properly planned and well executed course of action.The game is squad based. During single player mode, you play one of six soldiers and can switch between them at any time. Your player leads one squad of three, and you set a course of action for the other squad which is controlled by AI. As you complete missions and tasks, you unlock addition items such as new soldiers to choose from. Surviving missions also increases soldier skill.Ghost Recon has significant replay value. It has 15 levels and 50 different tasks to complete, but because there are so many strategies that can be used to complete a level, they can be played numerous times with the same enjoyment level. Of course, on-line play adds tremendous replay and excitement.In my opinion, the mark of a good game is how quickly time slips by while you are playing. Time after time I have intended to wrap up in 10 minutes only to find that an hour has passed. This is a fantastic game.I do have a few complaints. The graphics are generally good, but can be on the choppy side at times. I have also experienced instances where the AI squad didn't do what I had mapped out. But, for the most part, the game is a welcome addition to my game library.
3	B00005QB9N	Red Storm and Tom Clancy have again come out with a sure winner. Ghost Recon combines the addictive gameplay of the Rainbow Six series into a military campaign that no one can pass up. With the computer AI almost human, you're guaranteed a challenge. The multiplayer is also great. One of the key things that make this game seem so much better than the R6's is that there is no planning period before your missions. You have to work on your own instincts to get your team to all the objectives and keep them alive. However they are by far not a burden. These guys can take care of themselves, and you at the same time. You can put support troops, complete with 200 round machine guns to cover, while you get your sniper set up to take out the enemy's advancing manuevers. All in all, a really good game. You should enjoy it for the multiplayer just as much as the single player too.q
3	B00005QB9O	As a flight sim I think IL-2 is superb.  Very realistic flight model, excellent virtual cockpit, great sounds.  The only things lacking are the small nuances such as prop pitch settings or fuel mixture adjustment, but few people use those anyway.  As a game I would say it's good.  There are only a couple campaigns.  The briefings are pretty dull, and there is little sense of what is going on in the world or any connection between missions.  But the graphics are just awesome, better than any other flight sim by far.  Where else can you see individual soldiers jumping out of their lorry and running for their lives as you blast it to bits with your 23mm cannon?
3	B00005QB9O	This game is a great throwback to the days when dogfights really took place with the planes zipping by one another.  However, this is NOT a game for beginners unless you've got enough time to learn the ins and outs of dogfighting in this game.  It's awesome, challenging and demanding, a must buy for the Flight-Sim freak you know.
3	B00005QB9O	I will admit that while I was eagerly awaiting this game I was rather skeptical.  I've played a number of World War II flight sims and felt this one had a lot of work to do in order to measure up, but measure up it did.  For starters, it is a novelty in that it is set on the often ignored Eastern Front during the Second World War.  You can fly either for the Soviets or for the Germans and, if you choose Soviet side, can select from two distinct career paths, bomber pilot or figther pilot (you are restricted to fighter pilot in the German setting).  As a bomber pilot you will receive missions that require you to destroy an assortment of ground based targets.  These can range from simple vehicle convoys composed of lightly armored trucks that can be taken out in a single good strafing run to panzer formations that will require some good gunnery and a bit of luck to destroy.  There will also be times when you will be called upon to blow up bridges to impede the advance of the German forces.  For these missions you will be flying variants of the IL-2, namesake of this game.  Many times you will find angry AI fighters on your tail and for once the AI pilots (and, for that matter, AI anti-aircraft gunners on the ground) are actually quite competent.  The IL-2 is capable of soaking up a tremendous amount of damage but that is little defense against a Bf-109 on your tail.  That said, the damage models are outstanding, they range from only a few bullet holes to massive tears in the wings and shredding of one's control surfaces.  Also, this damage can affect your cocpit environment, your crosshair may be broken or the glass of the windshield so obsured thanks to cracking that you can barely see out of it.  Blackouts, redouts, and the rare lucky shot are also very real dangers, though rare, it is not unheard of for the AI to get lucky and put a shot right through the windscreen and, consequently, the pilot's head.  One neat feature I haven't seen in many other combat flight simulators is the ability to take up the position of the rear gunner (once you get to the later IL-2 varients which had a rear gunner).  The AI can do a remarkably good job of piloting the plane for you and trying to keep the plane's tail clear of enemy fighters while the AI does this is rather challenging, also, the rear gunner can be wounded or even killed by enemy fire, thus depriving you of that defense.One thing that I feel helps make this game accessible to a wide audience is the variety of options that can be altered, one can go for hard-core realism settings or turn off most settings so that it has an almost arcade-ish feel to it or set it to any range of different combinations.  As an example, turning on realistic gunnery means your bullets will drop and be subject to all manner of other interference whereas turning it off doubles the damage your shots do and makes them travel in a straight line.  Turning off blackouts and redouts removes those potential hazards from the game whereas leaving them on means that if you are not careful you may well pass out if you push too hard (and hence be easy meat for the enemy).  The only complaint I have here is that once you set those options for a particular pilot, they cannot be changed later on.  Hopefully this problem will be remedied in a patch some time soon.Although the missions are by no means historically accurate portrails of any missions actually flown by real pilots of the time, they are quite fun in that they take place during historical events (the battles of Stalingrad and Kursk for one) and often give the player a feeling of actually making a difference.Lastly, the graphics.  Although I have seen better graphics, this game is still no slouch in that department.  All of the aircraft are very well detailed and all of the ground units are as well, one nice touch I haven't before seen is that infantry will run from their vehicles if they see you making a strafing run.  The landscape could use a bit of work as the trees look terrible from low altitude, but overall the landscape graphics are actually quite good (particularly water).  The clouds are the most realistic looking I have seen in a flight sim.My only real complaint is there seems to be a memory leak somewhere in the game as it will occasionally suffer from a drastic stuttering and slowdown-effect that only worsens with time, this seems to occur after about five missions or so.  If one quits and then starts the game back up again this problem seems to disappear for a time, hopefully this will be addressed in a future patch.All things considered, this game is well worth the money and should keep you entertained for hours.  Finally, an excellent flight sim that does justice to the so often overlooked Eastern Front.
3	B00005QB9O	IL-2 Sturmovik is the best simulation I have ever played. Great planes, outstanding graphics and great details. IL-2 puts you in the seat of famous and legendary planes like the Bf-109, Fw-190, Il-2 (you can also be a rear gunner!), Yak-1 through -9, P-39, LaGG-3, La-5FN and more! I've flown hours attacking fighters; Me-262s, He-162s, I-16s and Yak-7s. And bombers; He-111s, Ju-88s, Pe-8s, Tu-2s and a whole lot more; about 20!! You can fly missions and save them to watch later and see how your success or failure went! IL-2 comes with training lessons for flying, bombing/stafing, taking off and landing, gunner training and more. On Quick Mission builder, you have almost unlimited fun! Attack airbases, vehicles and bridges. But watch out while attacking; for fierce flak bursts all around your plane. Go on missions to sink ships, down planes, destroy vehicles, and attack bridges. With Pilot Career, you can go on over 80 missions as a German (I'm only at 80), upgrading your Bf-109 as you complete mission after mission. As a Russian, you can be a fighter pilot or a bomber pilot, flying over 50 missions and counting...I'm a fan of WWII planes, aces and air battles, so when I saw IL-2, I had to buy it! This game is complete with Quick and Full Mission builder, Pilot Career and Single Missions.You can fight for the Germans or the Soviets and be locked in death defying air battles. Experience the battles. Dissect the tactics. Relive the air battles of the Russian front!
3	B00005QB9O	While this is the first of the IL-2 series and most likely will not work in a mordern computer now, how ever for you that still have a window 98 operating system an a Micrososft sidewinder flight stick laying around. You cannot go wrong with this one. The aircraft fly the way they are suppose to an while the graphics may be a bit old. This sim will operate smoothly and provide hours of entertainment to both the actual pilots and non pilots out there.
3	B00005QB9O	Damn, this game is incredible.  Even if you rev your engine, the plane will rotate a bit from the torque.  Try to learn how to recover from stalls on all the different models, then learn to recover the ME-109.  It ain't easy but once you recognize how your plane of choice acts when it's about to stall, you can pull aerial maneuvers that really ride the edge of the aircraft's ability.  I guess that's where 'flying by the seat of your pants' comes from.  This game is just overall unbelievable.  It's hard to imagine how people used to actually fly and fight in these things considering the difficulty of just getting up and landing, nevermind combat.
3	B00005QB9O	I have seen this game out for awhile now. I really dont know why I waited. Well I bought the CH Fighter stick, and USB Throttle controller. This game runs great with them. The graphics in this game kick on anything I have. It runs great too. I also got the Forgotten Battles and Ace expansion pack. I total enjoy playing this game. Very realistic, and sounds great. It now my favorite flight sims, next to Microsoft 2004. Combat or noncombat I am flying. My only regret is why did I wait. UBI Soft did it right on this game. I have other product from UBI Soft but this game is #1. I wont wait so long next time. If you are in to Flight Sims like me dont pass this one up.
3	B00005QB9O	I've previously stated that Jane's WWII Fighters was the best flight sim I've tried, with Microsoft's Combat Flight Sim 2 running a close second.  IL2 is better than either.  I only wish it dealt with the Pacific War instead of the Eastern Front, because I'm a Navy veteran and my favorite aircraft of all time is the F6F &quot;Hellcat&quot; by Grumman.Perhaps the Ubi-Soft people will come up with some other sims later.  I hope so!This sim has the best graphics I've ever seen, and the flight modeling of the aircraft is superb.To recap what others have said, it models a great many German and Russian aircraft, including the little-known (until lately) IL-2 &quot;Sturmovik,&quot; the Polikarpov I-153 &quot;Chaika&quot; (which Russia used in Spain during the Spanish Civil War), Bf 109 &quot;Emil&quot; and &quot;Gustav&quot; in a number of models, several versions of the FW190 &quot;Butcherbird&quot;, Lend Lease Bell P-39 &quot;Airacobra,&quot; (which the Russians loved for its 37mm cannon, but Americans were less than enthusiastic about) and a great many other airplanes, a couple of which I was unfamiliar with.The Sturmovik, which we called &quot;Stormovik&quot; during the Second World War, was less well-known over the years than the German fighters.  It was mainly a tank buster, and it flies very well in this game.  I am personally partial, however, to the German Bf 109, in which Germany's Eric Hartmann scored an amazing 352 air victories to become the world's highest scoring ace by a considerable margin--almost all of them on the Eastern front--and lived to tell about it.  Many of his quotes are in the User's Manual of this game.America's top ace, by contrast, Richard Bong, flying a P-38 in the Pacific, scored 40 kills.Which brings us to my only complaint, so far:  the type in the printed manual is gray, rather than black, and is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it!This game was put together by pilots and aeronautical engineers, and the flight characteristics are remarkably close to those of real aircraft.  I first soloed in 1946, and have flown a variety of full-sized aircraft, and in the last few years have also flown radio-controlled models.  These airplanes mimic the real ones very well, except for the lack of the &quot;seat-of-the-pants&quot; feel, for which there can be no substitute.I am currently running a Gateway 1.8 GHz CPU, with Windows ME as an operating system, and incorporating ATI with no extra video acceleration. It has 512 MB of RAM and I use CH Products Flightstick Pro USB and rudder pedals USB, which I connect using their Control Manager system.  It works fine with this program, and installation was no problem.There are many features here that are interesting: training, mission building, mission recorder, and you can come up with your own insignia and paint jobs, too.  It also, of course, has a multi-player function and it can be played against human pilots on the internet through the Ubisoft game service.By all means, if you are a flight sim buff, buy this one.  It is a winner!Joseph Pierre, USN (Ret)
3	B00005QB9O	I had read about this flight sim in the geeky flight magazines around the bookstores.  However, about six months ago I decided I would give this game a shot.  I have found that this is some of the best pure fum I have ever had on a flight sim.  The quality of the graphics is incredible.  It is almost like flying yourself.  The sun glint, and the clouds are truly amazing.  I have never seen anything like this before.The Eastern front - sight of some of the greatest and bloodiest battles of all time - is novel.  Many of the Russian planes, including American exports such as the P-39, add a new level of interest, and best of all, there is practically no limit to the adventures you can have, whether massive air to air battles or ground campaigns using the quick mission editor.  This game has kept me enthralled for six months.  Sure I can get bored after a while, but the quality of this game all the way through is just too great.Best things:1.  The AI is really great.  No matter how much I try it is just too challenging flying agaisnt the program.  These guys dont quit.2.  The "realistic" dialogue between the groups of planes is cool.  Especially the times when planes are getting shot down.3.  Immersion factor: About as good as you can get.  You will feel as though you are stuck in the Caucasian plains after a while.  The Russian Steppes are just too damn endless.4.  Ubisoft has been updating the game periodically, and prvides new planes such as the Stuka bomber (with a realistic siren) and the potent Il-16. (Go online to get these on the ubisoft server. You can also get new missions and sound patches etc.)5.  The differences between all the different models provided.  You really will get a feel for differences with me-109 models that you can fly, or other planes such as the FW-190.6.  You can change the settings and make this as difficult or arcade like as you want.  This is key.7.  FUN FUN FUNNotwithstanding the comments from more negative reviews this is a great product.  You may also want to make sure your hardware is top line (well above the recommended) and also turn down the graphics settings(the AI chews up a lot of RAM and computing power)It is the Eastern Front for you Klink withthis game and you will enjoy.
3	B00005QB9O	This game is freaking amazing even 12 years after its release truly the best combat flight sim ever made .
3	B00005QB9O	I haven't yet to really use this game to its fullest, but what I have experienced tells me that this would be a great game to master.
3	B00005QB9O	Comrades!! After a glut of western Europe WWII sims, you now have the opportunity to fly over Russia, where Mustangs and Thunderbolts DO NOT roam.  Instead, in addition to planes like the Me-109 and FW-190, you get to fly the Stormavik - a sort of do-it-all heavy bomber, strike fighter and (if you're lucky and very good) an interceptor.  The Stormavik is sort of like a tank with wings, a WWII version of the A-10 Warthog.  But you'll also fly even more obscure planes - those you may have heard of (I-16) and even many you haven't.  And you'll learn more about the differences between different versions of the same planes ("You mean the Me-109E and Me-109G don't fly and fight exactly the same?  Who'd a thunk it?) than you'd imagine existed.  I've already played Jane's WWII, but Il-2 is far more immersive.  Some people hate the small, hard to read gauges, but readable instrumentation and a comprehensive, and ergonomic panel was a dream to Soviet fliers even years after the war.  I thought the cockpit was conveniently claustrophobic and, when lined up on the runway, prior to a mision on a cold rainy day, waiting to get the cue to start the engine, I had the sensation of being trapped in a freezing car in December waiting for the radiator to get its act together.  Though packed with planes, the complex flight characteristics make each plane the star (why not just call it the "Lend-Lease P-39 Simulation"?).  Besides the convincing feel that you're inside of an airplane (and you don't have to be a Hero of the Soviet Union to know what it feels like to be inside of something other than your den) the flight characteristics are uncharacteristically hardcore - just getting off the ground is a feat of aviation prowess equal to shooting down a dozen planes on the original CFS.One word about dynamic campaigns - some criticized Il-2's  less-than-entirely dynamic campaigns, but when you're trying to be historically accurate, you've got to portray certain historical events without regard to your ability to change history.  A WWII Pacific sim with a truly dynamic campaign would in theory allow you the chance to find and destroy IJN aircraft carriers on 12-7-41 - thus obviating future battles in the Coral Sea and at Midway.  Would that sim be more realistic because it was dynamic or less it monkeyed around with history?  Ubi Soft chose the latter, knowing that a truly realistic sim would require a fog of war and the element of surprise (i.e., requiring the player to forget that on 12/7, an armada of enemy planes was about to strike Pearl).One word about systems - as much as the game tests your flying, the software that it runs on will test your hardware.  I originally ran this game on a Windows XP P4 - 2Ghz rig with 512 MB of RAM and an S3 Savage 4 card (which is like buying a Lexus with an 8-Track).  Video performance was abysmal - like watching a slide show, and that was before take-off.  After personally conducting an investigation of the suspects for this criminal and counter-revolutionary deficiency, and submitting my findings to the general commisariat of people's simulations (at the Central Presidium of Aviation Verisimilitude) I have determined that the Savage 4 video card was responsible for committing these crimes against the State of my Pentium, and have directed its removal and exile to the AGP port on my 5 year old's Celeron.  After installing a Geforce 3 (64 MB DDR) in its place, performance improved markedly.  In short comrades - to exploit this addition to your hard drive, don't skimp on the hardware.  Instead, lavish your machine with the highest grade of components and defray the costs by shifting assets from where they won't be missed - housing, education, agriculture, infrastructure and environmental protection.  Long Live the Revolution!!
3	B00005QB9O	Another first foray into combat flight sims and this one has nine lives with all sorts of people out there keeping it alive and well. It is just unbelievable how many souls on earth love this game and have worked on so many things that make this clearly a stand out winner. If you are getting off the ground and into flight rather combat flight this is the way to go. There are literally hundreds maybe thousands of people out there that will be more than willing to help you with all the patches and upgrades and mods that have kept this jewel in the air and viable for better than a decade. Go to HyperLobby and you'll see people from all over the world still keeping this one up to date and you'll be flat out surprised at it's longevity and what they have done to enhance it from it's beginnings. Just make double down sure you get the disc that has the Pacific campaigns as the earlier versions don't update to the newer mods. This simple game went from several GB's to now over 25 GB's when you patch it up and it has 3 different versions that are limitless
3	B00005QB9O	This is my second flight sim and I this one is much better. Why? Well, for one thing it's more accessible. Sure, the manual is too small and the gray on gray print is illegible, but you don't need the manual that much. I needed it to turn on the engine because I didn't know that I turns it on. Everywhere I looked, they told me how to rev up the motor and the booster and set trim tabs, but nowhere could I find out that I turned on the engine. Once you get the engine running, the game is fun. You will be sucked in by the exhaust cloud as the plane sputters to life. The scenery looks great from the air, especially the planes. The water and sky are fantastic.A couple of quick tips. In takeoff just get the plane going down the runway by throttling up. Don't worry about tilting forward or back during this. All you have to do is keep it going straight with the z and x keys or twisting the stick. The instant you are off the ground put up your landing gear with g. I kept reading about tilting forward and back on the runway and you don't do any of that. The plane is balanced, you don't pull back on the stick til you're ready to leave the ground.The flying in this game feels good. You feel like you're being pulled around by a prop while rather delicately balanced. Mistakes and manhandling will lead to crashes, but so will just keeping the nose to high to get altitude. You can have the wrong flight angle and just not build up speed. Eventually you'll fall to the groundProbably the best part of the game though is the damage model. I think this is what sold me on Il Sturmovik. If you watch from the f8 view, you'll see your plane coming apart in the air as another plane shoots it or it gets hit by AA. There are just so many ways to get damaged and it all affects the way the plane handles. It's fun to try to land a damaged plane. It's fun to try to bail out. It's a blast to fly and drop bombs. Many of these things are quite hard, but that's a positive. They aren't boring. They might be frustrating, but they'll keep you coming back trying to perfect your skills.The demo has about everything you could want from this game, but the mission editor is fun too. I've spent quite a bit of time designing, flying in or just watching some amazing attacks with gigantic bombers and large explosives. A lot could have been done to make the mission editor better. For one thing they could have some keyboard controls to let you zoom in and out of a scene. Right now the only way to zoom in is to use a tiny slider on the left. Putting in objects like armor or planes is also rather a case of working in the dark. They don't tell you if this particular piece will fire on anything or not. Everything is labeled with it's military number. You get a small rotatable picture, but I'd have liked to make it bigger. If you place a bunch of objects, like tanks and then discover they are the wrong color, let's say blue for Germans and you meant them to be red, you now have to click on each one and change it. Tedious. Very tedious. I can't believe they made the missions using this, but then again, I can believe they made the missions like this. The mission are the worst part of the game.They are nice missions, but they involve a lot of flying. Even with the time speeded up 8X, they take time and you can't save to retry your bombing run. You have to start from the beginning. The targets are tiny specks. Ground objects are not labeled. Only way to know if they are enemies is to look at the map, which is it's own set of problems.In the end you will find that Il Sturmovik is so good at some things it will make you put up with a lot of junk in other things. You'll probably love quickmission or online dogfighting, but the campaigns and missions will leave you a little flat. The scenery, skies and replays with you moving the camera around will be fun, but setting up a mission will have you annoyed that it wasn't designed a little better.Finally, to best enjoy this game you will want a geforce 3 with 500 RAM or more or so I've heard and you might still get the occasional stop in action, but it's pretty smooth for me. I feel I have good idea of how difficult it was to be a Russian pilot in WW2. I feel I've accomplished things and learned some skills. That can't be said for many games. I almost want to buy a plane now.
3	B00005QB9O	This game has been in my collection for quite some time now.  I have recently ordered another copy from amazon after giving my two cents to a colleague and getting him hooked.  Mildly put, IL-2 is and should be the definition you get when you look up "flight sim" in your dictionary.  IL-2 captures the feeling of WWII aerial combat seen through the eyes of German or Russian pilots in campaigns designed from getting you into the air to getting you to shoot down everything in the air...and then some.  Gameplay is solid and the controls, even though a bit overwhelming at first, are surprisingly easy to learn.  Graphically, the game is stunning.  You'll swear you're flying in WWII alongside your fellow countrymen, curse at enemy AA fire and even wipe your monitor during those hard to see night missions through rain, lightning and fog.  The few levels included are extremely large, and seem never ending.  You'll fly missions where it will take you 15 or more minutes just to reach your destination.  Soaring over towns, rivers and even over a fleet of ships bent on making the water your very own grave, you'll gasp at the scenery and begin to appreciate the game's minor details.  The AI is so aggressive at higher levels that you'll be checking your 'six frantically every 2 seconds trying to shake that fighter off your tail.  Newcomers need not worry, IL-2 lets you customize the game to your heart's content.  You can opt to turn off limited ammunition, damage, takeoffs and landings, and much more in an effort to make anyone's entry into the world of flight sims a painless journey.  A beefy computer with a good 3d card is recommended  if you want the game to run smoothly and look anything like it does on the back of the box.  Investing in a joystick, if you haven't already done so would be a good idea.  What are you waiting for?  Fire up that engine and meet your doom in the skies.
3	B00005QB9P	When I first heard about &quot;Black Thorn&quot; I'll admit I was pretty excited, especially after hearing so many good predictions.  Buying the game when it came out was on the top of my list, and sure enough that is what I did.  Well now I'm sure you are just dying to know my opinion aren't you? :O) I'll begin with the negative points, first off the single player missions are not incredibly challenging despite a few brain teasing moments.  It took me less than a week to knock off all of it's nine missions, if I had more time to myself it might of been a lot shorter.  Also, it's thirty dollar price tag is a little steep, even if it is a stand alone mission pack.  On the plus side of things, the nine missions this game provides are in some very impressive environments both size wise and graphical wise.  Not only that, most of these missions prove themselves to have a high replayablity factor in both normal and special (terrorist hunt, lone wolf etc.) modes.  Some new weapons have been introduced for all you single player lovers out there, including the impressive 7.62mm SSG3000 SR Sniper Rifle and the 5.7mm P90 SMG sub machine gun which is a personal favorite of mine.  Multi-player fans will love some of the new weapons that have been added just for them such as the 5.56mm M82 AR assault rifle and the impressive 9mm SPP Pistol.  The storyline is not so bad itself either and was pretty well thought out, but don't worry I won't give it away.  So while this game is a little pricey, any Rainbow fan can't be without this overall impressive mission pack.
3	B00005QBX9	This is a truly excellent product for the Xbox.  It was originally designed for the first Xbox console, but it works flawlessly with the current generation XBox 360.This product basically works like an ethernet bridge.  Once you have set it up, it should work with any device that has an ethernet adapter.  You will need to connect it to your XBox 360 at first.  Once it has established a connection with your access point, you can then move it to any ethernet-enabled device and it should work.I could not decide whether to locate my wireless router close to my XBox 360, or close to my desktop computer.  I needed an adapter that would work for either one.  In the end, I ended up moving the router closer to the computer, away from the XB360.  The XB360 is the one using this wireless adapter.  The computer is connected directly to the router.  But, I could have gone with the opposite set up.It has been working fine for me.  I use the console every day, downloading content from XBox Marketplace.  And so far, this adapter has maintained reliable connectivity.  Transfer rate is more than satisfactory, as the real bottleneck is the internet connection and not the home network.  I also like the fact that this adapter has its own power supply and does not depend on the console's USB port for power.Microsoft very rarely puts out a product that does not require some type of correction throughout its life cycle.  Heck, they are still patching up Windows Xp seven years later!  The XBox 360 console itself is still haunted by frequent hardware failures, even three years after its debut.  But Microsoft got this one right.  This is one microsoft product that works like it should. You will not need to install the included software if you are going to use it on a 360.Should you buy this adapter, or the one specifically designed for the XB360?  This one is about $30 cheaper.  But it does have a separate chassis, and does require its own power supply.  Whereas the XB360-specific adapter is a small, USB device that snaps and locks onto the back of the console.  In other words, the more expensive device is a neater solution, especially if you have a white XB360.  All you will see from the front is a small antenna.  And the USB adapter will turn off when the console is off.  This one will continue to run until you unplug its independent power supply.  The adapter is black in color and does not match the white color of the Arcade and the Pro consoles.  On the other hand, if you have an Elite console, the black box that is this adapter does not look bad at all.  Performance should be roughly same.  They are both capable of 802.11G operation.This is a better deal than the USB adapter.  And it is also more versatile because it can work with other ethernet devices.  Highly recommended.
3	B00005QBX9	Hooked it up to my XBOX 360's ethernet port, went into setup, put in my WAP password, and it works perfectly!It even sees it as a wireless bridge and shows signal strength!It's not as fancy looking as the official USB one from Microsoft, but it works great and is much cheaper. The biggest difference? You need a separate outlet to plug the wall-wart adapter into.Works great going from my 360, to Airport Express to cable modem.A piece of cake, HIGHLY recommended!!!!
3	B00005QBX9	First off I would like to say that this wireless adapter is compatible with the ORIGINAL Xbox.  I was skeptical until I found the model number on Microsoft's website and it matched the one listed here. I also looked at several vendors both online and local to compare prices, noting that they all charged around $100 I was very happy to find Amazon selling at a reasonable price.  My son was anxious to get set up online so we ordered on Thursday using our Prime account and it arrive on Saturday.  I think the most difficult part was removing it from the packaging, otherwise he was set up within minutes.  Overall a good deal and easy purchase.  I would recommend this item to others looking to go Live.
3	B00005QBX9	This thing works great with the Xbox 360.  I just plugged it in, entered my 26 digit encryption code, and it worked flawlessly.  The funny thing is that I couldn't get it to work with my original Xbox.This thing is much cheaper than the 360 version of the wireless adapter, and it works just as well.  So save yourself a few bucks and get this version.
3	B00005QBX9	This network adapter works fine, I ordered it & was worried it wouldn't work with the 360, but it does; it'll probably will work with any other gaming system as well (i haven't tried it though).
3	B00005QBX9	I got this product because I did not want to pay $90-100 to connect to xbox live.  I read the reviews, and sure enough...works PERFECTLY on my Xbox 360.  You just plug it in, don't put the cd in, and put in your WEP security code.  And just like that you're hooked up!  And I saved $50 by getting this instead of the one made for the 360.This is made by Microsoft for the original xbox, but works seamlessly with the 360 if you have WEP security.  Definitely worth the savings!  I've recommended this to all my friends who haven't yet bought the wireless adapter.
3	B00005QDPT	I have this game and it is really cool. the graphics and sound effects are hot.This game is cool when u have friends over, so u can race each other, and try to blow up there bike. And yes there are weapons on the motor cycles, so u can try to become the winner buy blowing up the other bikes. This game is intence . you should really buy it.
3	B00005QDPT	This game looks great on the outside, but does it really look as good under the hood? Well I think it does. The game combines adrenaline pumping speeds with the always popular vehicle shooting games. There are many characters to choose from, each with a different kind of bike. The graphics are amazing. The background objects are well detailed and smooth. The tracks are brilliant. Combining twists and turns into hills and jumps. The music in this game is great. It will feel like ur going down the highway with ur favorite tunes at 500 mph. So if you like racing games you should definitely purchase this game, but like I always say if you are not sure... RENT IT.
3	B00005QDPT	This game is pretty good.  It's not as good as Mario Kart, but it's reeeaaalllyyy fast.  If you enter the unlimited boost code, which is L+R, Z, L+R, Z at the title screen, it goes blindingly fast.  If you like racing games and you want a great sense of speed, buy it.  There are a few b***** parts of the game, however.  The races are over too fast, and the sound is a bit muffled.  On the other hand, the tracks are beautiful, and the game runs silky smooth.
3	B00005QDPT	This is an excellent racing game with lovely techno-music, detailed levels, lots of weapong to trounce your opponents, very high-speed racing, and a great multiplayer mode. Plus, it only takes 3 blocks of memory for ONE file. If you are a apst fan of the Extreme G titles, this is a must-have for the GameCube.
3	B00005QDPT	this game looks sweet! i've played some of the version for PS2 and thats awesome. now since its comming to gamecube it will be better than ever. is youve ever seen AKIRA, you'll definetly love this. its a high tech motocycle racing faster than you could believe! GET THIS GAME!
3	B00005QDPT	I already played this game on the ps2 and its incredible. The graphics are fantastic and the tracks and motorcycles are amazing. Just buy the ...game and be more than my hero.
3	B00005QDPT	Extreme G3 is an absolutely awesome game, you ride on turbo-charged motorcycles that look like they're straight out of Akira. It is the fastest racing game ever, and it moves incredibly smooth at 60 fps on the Game Cube. The graphics are superb and the level design is great, it has a beautifully rendered realistic look. Some levels look like the futuristic city in Blade Runner, while others are out in the desert or in the middle of the ocean. The techno soundtrack is also very good and adds to the futuristic feel of the game perfectly. The gameplay is top notch and the controls are right on (the game cube controller is truly excellent, especially for a racing game like this). The high-powered motorcycles zoom through the courses very realistically. There are also a variety of weapons to equip on your motorcycle, which is really cool and adds an extra dimension to the gameplay. Also- The Game Cube version of XG3 features four player mode (which the PS2 version doesn't), and also offers much improved frame rate / graphics over the PS2 version. It moves at a constant 60 frames per second, which looks absolutely silky smooth, even in multiplayer!I recommend XG3 to anyone with a Game Cube. It is one of the finest games to be released thus far.
3	B00005QDPU	Don't get me wrong, this is a great BMX game, but it has several flaws that get annoying. First of all there is the &quot;falling&quot; glitch. In certain areas you fall into nullspace if you fall and you go into this green vortex for several seconds. Also, the fakie mode is way to hard to manuevuer with, and it gets stuck in the fakie mode. Besides this, it is a great game, with the trick modifier system and the huge worlds. If acclaim had worked an extra month on this game, it would be a gem.
3	B00005QDPU	(...) Dave Mirra 2 boasts new characters, more bikes, vastly larger levels, and, of course, greatly improved graphics. The trick system has been expanded, with many new tricks and variations available.Graphically, Dave Mirra 2 is not bad to look at, but not really anything special, either, especially in comparison to THPS3. The 3D models are adequate, and offer a good many lines to ride one, and the textures are uniformly good. Still, the game is not nearly as graphically beautiful as some of the other first-generation games that are available on the new systems.Sound is good, but again, nothing special. The soundtrack is alright, and even has its high points, but it's really a matter of personal taste. The usual grind noises, thumps, whacks, and grunts of pain are satisfactory and vary enough to sound good.The levels are large and often very creative, but not as well-designed as those in THPS3. They are fun to ride and contain the usual secrets, huge jumps, and multipurpose obstacles.The game is much harder than its predecessor, but still easier than THPS3. It should take a good while for most gamers to beat the game with every character and unlock all the secret videos, riders, and modes. There are rumors of secret levels, too, but I have yet to unlock any of them.Although most of the game seems pretty mediocre, it's still one of my favorite bike/skate-type games ever. Why? Well, it all comes down to the trick system.(...) Dave Mirra 2 offers an enormously deep and engrossing trick system that will keep a lot of us gamers busy for hours on end. And once you get used to the system, you can start pulling all kinds of amazing combinations. And of course, common stock tricks like superman seatgrabs and double nac-nacs become quite easy to pull.Similar to THPS's manuals, Mirra 2 riders can tie their tricks together with heelies and nose wheelies, and flatlanders can even pull endoes and stoppies if they know what they're doing. A wide range of grinds and plants are available, too.In the end, this game will not impress anyone with its mediocre graphics and just decent level designs. What will keep people coming back to this game is its brilliant trick system and the enormous versatility. I still haven't gotten tired of it. If you like bike games, and especially if you bike in real life (like I do :)), you will find this to be the best and most enjoyable bike game available. It's easy to start playing, even for beginners, but offers enough depth to keep even hardcore gamers coming back for more.
3	B00005QDPU	this game is relly good the graphics are great and its not hard you will find ur self playing for hours everyone who gave this game a bad review is gay and does not really like videogames so dont worry this game is AwSoMe!!!
3	B00005QDPU	Dave Mirra 2 was awesome for the ps2 and it is awesome for the cube. Between this and THPS 3 the gamecubes getting some pretty good games right off the bat.
3	B00005QDPU	I have the PS2 version and bought this version to play wipeout on the 2 new levels.  The wipeout mode is a mode that lets you and a friend crash your characters as hard as you can.  It's hilarious.  It makes Mirra 2 one of the best games ever made.  If you have a cruel sence of humor, or are a guy, then Mirra 2 on wipeout mode is for you.  DO NOT MISS IT, IT WILL BE OUT OF PRINT SOON!
3	B00005QDPU	its just like all the other games. I mean don't get me wrong all of them are fun too but this one's just a little more boring than tony hawk and aggressive Inline.
3	B00005QDPX	Crazy Taxi is a whole lot of fun, and if you never bought a Dreamcast--as many of us didn't, including me--this is your chance to own the best arcade racer in years, with slightly improved graphics. What I like best about it is that it's oldschool arcade-style play: there's no end and no goal, except to rack up the highest score (the most money) that you possibly can. If you're a fan of wild arcade-style racing, don't hesitate to buy this game!
3	B00005QDPX	Ok, so I haven't played it for GameCube as of yet, but I do currently own the Dreamcast version, and to be honest, this title was one of the reasons for me buying a Dreamcast.  This game pits you in the seat of a taxi cab and it's then time to earn some crazy money!  Basicly, you ride around at high speeds and pick up others who need a lift to a certain area in San Francisco in the shorest amount of time, get there with blazing speeds and you'll pick up a great tip.  of course, there's always more stuff with the game such as the Crazy Box, which is almost impossible to beat, it's difficulty rises with each completion of a level.  All in all, this title is one of the better and if you haven't played the Dreamcast version and plan on buying a GameCube, do pick up this title.
3	B00005QDPX	For the people who didn't get it for the Sega Dreamcast can now get their hands on it. It's true that it is only a remake of an old classic and there isn't anything new but if you never played it like me it's a wonderful game. The point of the game is picking up passengers and taking them where they want to go. As for your cabbies you get 4 fearless drivers to choose from. Axel,a slick young driver whose ready for anything! B.D. Joe,a fast party loving hip hop driver! Gena,a hot cool girl who loves the open road. Gus,a old yet ready to go driver with keen looks and attitude! As for the cities you drive through they present huge challenges and many people to pick up. The cities are like Los Angelos and San Franciso complete with beachs,malls,heavy traffic and even cable cars litter the streets making your job harder as you drive through the crowed city! Your passengers that you pick up will want to go anywhere from Kentucky Fried Chicken to the City Bank and the passengers have attitudes of their own too! But aside from the to huge cities and it's residents the point of the game is collect as many fares as you can and get your passengers to their destionation points as soon as possible. Don't worry! No cops will be on your tail so ram into cars and drive wherever you want so you can give your passenger a good time while collecting tips for the craziest stunts you can perform on your way to their dropoff point. It's easy to learn and easy to master. No brains needed. Crazy Taxi may be old but it's still alot of fun!
3	B00005QDPX	This was a really fun game on the Dreamcast back when it came out, and it's gonna be pretty much the exact same thing on GameCube, with graphics just a little bit better.  But if you already have it on Dreamcast, there is no reason to spend 50 bucks on a game you already have.  If you have not played it, I suggest getting it because it's pretty fun, especially if you have friends over and you can see who gets more money.A little about the game itself- the game is based on driving a taxi around a city (there are two huge San Francisco type cities to choose from) and go around, getting customers for your taxi.  Choose from 4 drivers, each with their own car things that they'll say like &quot;Hop in&quot; or &quot;Hey, what's up!&quot;Once you get your customer, they'll tell you where they wanna go and then there will be a little arrow telling you directions.  Get them to their destination within a certain time and you will get paid an extra tip, and if you don't make it in time or have a slow time you won't get quite as much money.  You'll do that for a preset time (5 minutes, 10 minutes, etc) or you can play arcade mode where you get more time when you get more customers.The gameplay in this game is what makes it great- the controls are just awesome.  Driving around is easy to learn yet challenging to master because there are special moves that you learn like the crazy spin I believe it's called where you can turn really fast and easy.
3	B00005QDPX	I don't own this game but when I played it at one of my friends, houses this game was so awesome I was determined to get it.  The graphics are wonderful and the gameplay is AWESOME! It has a reason why it is called crazy taxi.  Although I would not recommend it to people who are offended by fowl language because that is why it is rated T (teen).
3	B00005QDPX	This is one hell of a fun game i just bought it and played it for hours, its cool because i never had Sega Dreamcast or Sony Playstation 2 so i couldn't play (..). Crazy Taxi 2 is good too but nothing beats the original. 1st off they have real places in the game like Pizza Hut, Kentucky Fried Chichen, even Tower Records its a totally Awesome experience and original idea even if it is a couple years old i seriously reccomed this game to any game cube gamer its cRaZy FuN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005QDPX	As someone who grew up playing Crazy Taxi on the sega dreamcast, I must say future re-releases of the game suchGame Boy Adavance, [[ASIN: B00AEV8K8Y PC]],Andriod,XBOX 360's &#34;Dreamcast Collection&#34;were just downright terribleMost of the future re-issues I mentioned had the businesses such as Levi's, Pizza hut, KFC, tower records, Fila, ETC, and music by Bad Religion and Offspring removed from the game, Likely due to copyright issues.  but having those removed really took the fun out of the gameLuckily, the game cube version was able to keep the game exactly the same was on thesega Dreamcastso if you can obtain a copy of crazy taxi with everything intact, I must say the game cube release is a perfect one to get if you can find a copy.
3	B00005QDPX	Crazy Taxi is about picking up people, taking them to the destination they want to go, and collecting the fee!  However the best part about all this is the fact that to do that you have to break every traffic law ever made!  There's not much more to talk about except for the fact that (As many people have pointed out) that this game IS the same thing as what you'd buy on Dreamcast (And Playstation 2 and Xbox for that matter)!  Which means if you have the DC vertion there is no reason to get this game (Controll is the same surprisingly enough)!  Save your fifty for Super Monkey Ball or something.
3	B00005QDPX	ZOOM! &quot;Hey, wanna ride?&quot; These are two sound samplers from the best arcade game which was on Playstation 2 and Dreamcast. The way you could just play it is amazing! You could do anything to ram cars and get money on the way. It pleases the crazy cab driver in all of us. Online capability would have been welcome...But two new mini-games make that up real fast. The crazy gameplay that's rare in most video games. So do your crazy cab driver in yourself a favor and buy it which will make your cab driver come out and take over! Now, Nintendo's world dominiation plan is almost completed if it wasn't for horrible game systems clogging up our environment(*cough* Xbox *cough*). And by the way I was being sarcastic for that sentence but not the parenthesis...
3	B00005QDPX	It was it great condition. Do not get me started on how great the game is,cause it was better than great, you can drive like a maniac and not get arrested.
3	B00005QDPX	Since Sega stopped developing video game systems awhile ago, largely because of the dramatic failures of Dreamcast, and Saturn, they just knew they couldn't try to make anymore at this point. It seemed to be a little bit sad, but does seem to work itself up all over again. That was the absolute case for Crazy Taxi. The game is a wild and wacky strategy racing game, as you try to beat the clock to try to drop your passengers off. The game does seem to hit it off, but the music does seem to drown out the fun a little bit, with a sagging dash of Hard Rock in the mix. The game does feature a down side, with only a couple of courses, but makes up for it in the fun. The game proved itself in the arcades, but there has to be a sequel in the works. They made ones for the other systems, and they might have to make one here in the future. Crazy Taxi is a wicked ride for the Gamecube.
3	B00005QDPX	That seems a little strange to me, don't you think? When you bump into stuff, the controller rumbles. That's cool. You can choose to be on there for a certain amount of time that YOU cam only pick. Overall, this is a neat game. It has music by THE OFFSPRING, too.
3	B00005QDPX	This game was fun for the first couple of times that I played it, after that it got to easy.  It's still a good game andI still have fun playing it and I reccomend it to anyone who can get it who has a Sony PlayStation2, a Nintendo GameCube, or a Sega Dreamcast.
3	B00005QDPX	Love this classic game. Very entertaining. This was released for Gamecube, but it was originally for Sega Dreamcast. Highly entertaining even though the graphics are outdated now.
3	B00005QDPZ	i don`t like star wars at all but i have this game and it is ok not great but ok i think it is realy hard to pass the levels it isn`t as realistic a combat flight simulator 1 for the pc made years ago. so if you are desprate or are a star wars game look into this game.
3	B00005QDPZ	If you remotely like video games, and Star Wars, then you must own this game!  Even the training mission on Tatooine is damn cool...the Death Star attack(the first real mission), will have any true Star Wars fan feeling like they're really in the movie.  Cool details, like controlling your squadron formation, and the targeting computer add to the whole experience, with real voices of Wedge too...awesome game overall.
3	B00005QDPZ	Several years ago I went to a movie theater and they had a video game of the Star Wars Trilogy.  It was extremely fun with amazing graphics and incredible detail.  I was in awe of this game and told my friends that someday I was going to fork over $4500 and buy the arcade game.  But now I don't have to.  This Rogue Leader game for Gamecube is just as detailed and doesn't cost nearly as much.  I was so excited when I first played this.  The graphics are amazing, the controls are easy, and the realism is comparable to the movie.  It is extremely challenging and I have my work cut out for me to beat the game.  If you are a Star Wars fan and love ship to ship combat, this is the game for you.  Don't hesitate, buy a gamecube and this game.  You will be love it.
3	B00005QDPZ	This is one of the few Star Wars games that is fun to play. The graphics are quite advanced for the Gamecube and it plays well on the Wii. I can't wait for a night open to sit and run through a few more levels.
3	B00005QDPZ	Rogue Leader is a truly great sequel to the original Rogue Squadron on N64. While the original was limited mostly to battles over the surfaces of planets, this new version features open battles in deep space.  From mammoth Star Destroyers that you can actually attack, to AT-ATs you can bring down by wrapping your tow cable around their legs, to a level you can play as Darth Vader himself, this game totally immerses you in the feel of the movies.The graphics, like most GameCube games, are stunning, but you really have to see this game in action to appreciate just how much it looks like the movies. Your X-wing's lasers reflect off the walls of the Death Star's trenches...TIE fighters spin out of control and crash after you hit them. And Lucasarts filled the whole game disc with voices straight from the movies and music straight from John Williams' orchestra.If you are a Star Wars fan, you must own this game. It puts Starfighter and other recent entries in the franchise to shame.
3	B00005QDPZ	Ah, where to being with such a great game as this one?  Well, I can say without a doubt this game will be a must have for most GameCube fans, and is probably the starting games for most out there.  I'm sure you all know the story line by now, and if not, shame on you!  But, in brief, this one picks up where the N64 version left off, you start out in the Death Star, and work your way up to Return of the Jedi, the last movie installment so far.  This game's great, and be sure to check this one out as soon as possible this is definatly one you won't wanna miss!
3	B00005QDPZ	Rouge Leader does a better job in the Star Wars video game collection as an X-wing shoot 'um up than the origonal Rouge Squad. But it would nice if Lucasarts did'nt put the multi player in  a bounus disk in the 3rd game that has Rouge Leader's multi-player in it.You are Luke Skywalker the leader of the elite flying force called Rouge Suaderan. You do missions with only two of the dozen wing-men as you drive your star fighter through historical and not-as-historical-as-the-historical-missions.This is a great game but you won't be hooked for hours upon end.If you want something really intresting go to [...]and find the cheat sheet for Rouge Leader.
3	B00005QDPZ	If someone were to ask me what I thought was the most realistic-looking game EVER, I would have to say Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron 2.  This game is drenched in great graphics on every level, and the levels look like they were ripped straight out of the movies and put inside the game.  The sound is equally phenominal, one of the first videogames to feature 5.1 surround sound that totally envelopes you into it.  The music is the same style as the movies, the huge orchestral productions, and it is nothing less than fantastic.  The sound of the TIE fighters is even better than the movies!  Now if you know a lot about 5.1 sound, you may be thinking (What kind of a liar is this guy?  Gamecube doesn't have a digital output, so it can't do 5.1!)  Well, using a great new sound format called Pro Logic 2 from the same guys who brought you Dolby Digital, you can experience stunning 5.1 channel sound with just two RCA jacks.  People with receivers capable of Pro Logic 2 have said that they could barely or couldn't at all tell a difference between it and Dolby Digital.Okay- enough about the graphics and sound.  Onto control.The control in this game probably deserves about an 8.0 on a ten-point scale, and 8.0 may not be perfect but it's not bad either.  The good parts about it are that the game is taking full advantage of the GameCube controller.  The analog stick controls your ship, the A button fires the laser, the B button drops or shoots bombs or some other secondary weapon, and the X and Y buttons are used to turn on your targeting computer (a cool feature- let's you clearly see the enemy) and switch from third-person to first person perspective.  Last but not least, we have the shoulder buttons, which will speed up or slow down your ship.  I really love the shoulder buttons in this game, press R to speed it up and click it down all the way to get a rumble and do full speed.  L will apply the brakes and it works the same way as R.  Controls are tight but not too tight, but I wish you could do moves like barrel rolls.Also a great thing about the game is the menus.  On most of the menu screens, there will be a looping video clip playing from the Star Wars movies, which makes it look very professional.  There is also a guy who talks and gives you a mission profile at the mission select screen.  All these things make the presentation top-notch.If you have a GameCube, this is a definite must-have for you new system.  I would recommend it to anyone, Star Wars fan or not.
3	B00005QDPZ	its just to hard for me im sorry i sound like a woos i know but its just redicolusly hard. It has great graphic though and somewhat fun gameplay. but i dont like it that much.Other than that its a great game for star wars fans.
3	B00005QDPZ	This thing ROXXX!As for StarFight SE fans be aware that this game makes yours look bad!!lollol.
3	B00005QDPZ	The most amazing game I have ever played. The graphics are the best I have ever seen and the game play is wonderful. (...) I hope everyone gets this and if you do I promise you will not regret it.
3	B00005QDPZ	This video game is an amazing recreation of the first 3 Star Wars films. The graphics are unbelievable, they match the films so closely. Star Wars fans will be treated to the attacks on both Death Stars, the Battle of Hoth, asteriod fields, Cloud City, an assault on a Star Destroyer, Tatooine, Darth Vader's Tie Fighter Advance, and the Falcon. At times, there can be hundreds or thousands of objects on the screen, each in high detail. Remember the trench run? It's in there! Remember the 50 Tie Fighters swarming the Falcon at the end of Jedi? It's in there! If it had anything to do with space ships, and it appeared in the first 3 Star Wars films, it's in this game.However, Rogue Leader, as a game, reminds me why some movies don't make good video games. Rogue Leader is basically a space fighter game, which means that you fly in circles around targets, hoping and praying for those brief moments when your sites line up. This game just doesn't play with the same thrill as the space scenes of the movies, and I found that I'd rather just watch the films again than endure the frustration.Plus, as great as the graphics are, you have to practically crash your ship to see them! For example, the Battle of Hoth had *thousands* of stormtroopers swarming under the feet of at least 100 AT-ATs and AT-STs in one valley, but even on my 32" TV, the troopers are no more than dots until you literally crash into them. A huge effort wasted.Finally, the total gametime is no more than 10-12 hours in length. I finished most of Rogue Leader in 2 days. There were a few secret missions and ships left to unlock, but I had no desire to do so. Rent this game, see if it's worth your money.
3	B00005QDPZ	In my opinion,Rogue Leader is the best GameCube launch title by far.I can't remember the last game that got my heart pumping like this one.My hands were even shaking after some missions,I guess it's the combination of classic Star Wars scenarios you go through all three movies here and an incredibly well designed,beautiful game.And it ain't no cakewalk,either.If your skills aren't up to snuff in any of the missions at least all but one exceptionally easy run near the end,anyway you'll definitely find yourself floating home.But despite the difficulty,it's almost impossible to put Rogue Leader down,and that's the sign of a truly great game.
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is one of GC's best!  If you're a Star Wars fan or a nonfan you'll love this.  First of all this is probably graphically the best game for ANY system.  There so crisp and realistic.  The game itself is amazing. There are 12 lvs and bonus levels too.  You may think that is short but the levels are hard!  There are 5 different space vehicles(A wing B wing Y wing X wing and snowspeeder)  The missions come strate from the origional 3 Star Wars movies.level 1: Death Star attack:  The first part of the level is destroying those tall towers.  The second part of the first level destroy the ties  third destroy the Death Star!!!!!!! That's just a little sample of the way the levels work.  The music is just GREAT!  To unlock levels here's what you do...get points.  To get points do special challenges.  Oh I almost forgot:)  You play as Luke the first part of the game and then Wedge. There are many "pass codes": cheats.  Try to unlock all the special features. One letdown is no multiplayer...BUT whocares.  This game's amazing gameplay more than makes up for it.  And another one is is that it's hard!  Who doesn't like a challenge. Now the special FX.  They're great!  It looks great when something explodes.  The lasers look awesome!  The noises sound the same as the actual movies!  Oh and just because this is rated T doesn't mean it's that bad!  There's no blood! This game will definetly keep your fingers moving!
3	B00005QDPZ	Let me just start off by saying that Prisoners of Maw is hard as h**l. And I couldn't be happier! I remember wizzing through the original Rogue Squadron and then after finishing it saying &quot;Thats it?&quot; It was way too easy/short. If it had been longer, harder, or both it would have been much better.But enough of that, this isn't a Rouge Squadron review, its a Rouge Squadron 2 review! And Rouge Leader is exactly what i wish the old game had been. the controll play is excellent, its MUCH harder than the old one, the graphics are stunning, and its a much better developed plot, the original seemed to go nowhere fast, with each level having almost nothing to do with the prevoius one.In short, great game for a fantastic system, buy it, you'll be glad you did.
3	B00005QDPZ	I got this game a year ago, and I've probably gotten more than a hundred unbelievably amazing hours, beaten every level, and still not won everything. That's a aign. The best Star Wars video game ever, and I'm on my knees begging for another sequel. The graphics are stunning, and so are very many other thing about this game. A reason to buy Gamecube.
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is absolutely astounding. This game follows the path of Red/Rogue squadron from the assult of the first Death Star to the destruction of the second Death Star. You play as many different characters including Luke Skywalker, Wedge Antilles, and Lando Calrision. You pilot the A-Wing, X-Wing, B-Wing, Y-Wing, Millenium Falcon, and a tie fighter. Controls are smooth and extremely responsive. The graphics are great. They range from lasers splashing water to exploding star destroyers. Even during the most intense battles there is never slowdown. The Star Wars music returns once again, this time using many tunes used in the movies. Although there are only 10 levels, they can be extremely challenging. Once you complete all the levels, you must go back and earn medals in the levels to unlock secret missions and bonus features.I reccommend this game to fans of the Rogue Squadron N64 game as well as newcomers.NOTE: this game takes 1 block of memory to save
3	B00005QDPZ	Out of all three of my gamecube games this tops all.  The graphics are AMAZING thing i have had the pleasure to play.  This is a great game with lot,s of challenge and action.  Every level is with no doubt ACTION PACKED and unique.  A very difficult and enjoyable game.  I would take one good look at it and give it 5 stars.
3	B00005QDPZ	This is easily the best Star Wars space flying game ever. Pretty decent graphics, awesome stages, wide choice of ships. On the bonus levels, you can even be Darth Vader and save the Death Star. The later games like Rebel Strike III don't even compare - they have too many first-person stages instead of the vehicles. If you've ever wanted to pilot an X-Wing (or Slave I!) this is your chance.
3	B00005QDPZ	this game is absolutely superb and it is an exclusive to nintendo too so shame to all the ps2 and xbox owners out there! The graphics are just eye-candy and the music and sound fx are great too and create a great atmosphere.It looks like this:Visuals:10Sounds:8.5Gameplay:9Lastability:9Not just for star wars and shooting game fans and should be an enjoyable game for gamers of all ages.
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is only $30, and it's one of my top 10 games of all time. The first mission is the attack on the Death Star from the end of A New Hope! You have to pilot a T-65 X-Wing through the trench on the Death Star to the exhaust port! But watch out Vader's on your ass, he even says "The Force is strong with this one". And Obi-Wan is with you "Use the Force Luke". As you get closer to the port some one comes over the radio saying "Luke, you switched off your targeting computer. What's wrong?", "Nothing I'm all right". That mission alone makes the game worth buying, hell, it makes the GameCube worth buying. Other missions include The Battle of Hoth, The Battle of Endor, and even the Escape From the Death Star (using the Falcon's turrets to fend off incoming TIE's). You can unlock ships like the Slave 1, the B-Wing, The X-1 Advance (Vader's TIE Fighter) and even the Naboo N-1 star fighter! All the missions and ships have a little description into their history. For example: "An illegally modified, Corilean Engineered YT-1300 transport, The Millenium Falcon, is one of the more formidable star ships in the galaxy. Owned and piloted by Han Solo and his Wookie partner Chewbacca..." I could go on and on. There is a chase camera view, but that sucks compared to the cockpit view. You can even turn your head to check out your ship, or make sure your wingmates are by your side. The graphics make this game clearer and more detailed than the movie it self. You will NOT be disappointed
3	B00005QDPZ	incredible graphics, and a really difficult game to boot.Sweet stuff.
3	B00005QDPZ	Did you like the original Star Wars Atari arcade (circa 1980) if so you're going to love this. The first mission you play is loosely based off the original blow up the death star, vector based arcade, but as the rogue leader- aka Luke Skywalker in this scenario you can also issue orders to your two wingmen. The graphics and sound are top notch (incredible is another word that comes to mind) and really pull you in into the game. Control is tight and is easy to work with. In fact I would say, this the one of the best arcade style, flight combat game engines to date. After the first mission you have ten additional campangs to play out, scenes from all three classic trilogy films are represented: the AT-AT battle on Holth, Cloud City, battle of Endore, and of course the final battle to destroy the second Death Star. There are a lot of hidden goodies, if you check the official Rogue Squardron II web-site you'll be able to obtain codes to unlock bonus levels, including ones that let you play on the side of the Empire, what more could you ask for? With so many Star Wars titles now available on Gamecube, you may think of picking up some ot the newer titles first... My advise is to start with this one, you won't be let down.
3	B00005QDPZ	Ok, I am probably the biggest nerd in the universe, I own all three console systems in addition to my PC.  You might say I like games... a lot.  Maybe too much.  It seems like I waste a lot of money on mediocre games that make me wonder why I even bother.Then I buy a game like Rogue Leader and I remember.Next to Halo, Rogue Leader is probably the greatest console game on the market, and possibly one of the best ever made.  The graphics are pristine, the gameplay is excellent and it captures the Star Wars atmosphere perfectly.  While I wasn't a big fan of the first Rogue Squadron because it sometimes degenerated into arcade-like silliness, the sequel seems to have the best elements of an arcade style shooter combined with some of the features of the X-Wing games for the PC.  The result is an immersive, compelling game with lots of twists and turns.It's not all flowers and sunshine, unfortunately, and there are a couple of small missteps that keep me from giving this game that fifth star it deserves on the single player missions alone.  The biggest flaw and one that is slowly becoming the death of more and more games out there is the lack of a multiplayer element.  Obviously this limits replayability, but what really bothers me is the fact that this could have been the "Halo" of the Gamecube.  Unfortunately, without utilising those three other joystick inputs, Rogue Leader doesn't live up to it's full potential.Rogue Leader could have had better music at times as well.  It seems to rely on midi-type music that makes John Williams incredible score sound thin and computerised.  The only other flaw, a small one, is that I think the game could have used some additional point of views and customizeable controls.  People used to the X-Wing games on the PC might have an easier time mastering the game.I know this soudns like a lot of complaints, but considering the strengths, they're really small potatos.  The missions, dog-fights, maps, backgrounds, and all the visual elements are almost flawless.  There are lots of unlockable missions like navigating the Millenium Falcon through the asteroid field, that will compell you to play a mission over and over to get them right.  The gameplay is far more challenging than your usual batch of arcade shooters and the variety of vehicles keeps them from getting tedius.  If you're a Star Wars fan, you'll probably be hooked the first time you fly along the surface of the Death Star or take out an AT-AT with your tow-cables.  This game really shows what the Gamecube can do and what it can do is surprisingly impressive.
3	B00005QDPZ	The must have game for 2002! This is one of the launch titles for Gamecube and the graphics will blow you away! You fly X-wings, A-wings, B-wings, Snowspeeders, and BONUS Craft that you will obtain by completing certain goals. If you have all four Star Wars N64 games then you have to get this one. Even if you have Star Wars Starfighter for PS2 you should by a Gamecube just for this game! Their are 11 missions plus extra bonus missions. Long live the Alliance! You can even strafe snowtroopers in the Hoth level!
3	B00005QDPZ	At first I had no clue what I was doing but when I looked for help on a walkthrough I became hooked. The game looks just like a movie and the music and action is nonstop.At first I was reluctant to buy it because I thought the only thing you did was fly a plane and shoot other planes but when I read you can fight against imperial walkers I knew I had to use my [money] to buy this used game. It makes you appreciate the movies even more and it's fun to play again and again. You have to use a bit of strategy and the game makes you use your head a lot and I think thats why the game is so popular with critics and teenagers. The only game cube game better than this one is the much loved Super Smash Bros Melee. Both games are must haves.
3	B00005QDPZ	One of the best games out there for Nintendo Gamecube, this game has amazing graphics. It is a great improvement on &quot;Star Wars: Rouge Squadron&quot;, however it is very difficult. Try it out for a challenge. There is not much else to say for it, except that every Star Wars fan needs it!
3	B00005QDPZ	If you need one game to make you believe in the graphical capabilities of the GCN and make you buy one this is it. Movie quality gameplay, fantastic missions and intense fighting is what its all about. Unlike the orginal, your wingmen actually help out. You can assign one of several tasks to your wingmen-take out the TIEs or form up. Don't expect easy street, enemies will intelligently dodge and attack fire swerving left and right. This also supports Pro Logic II  for surround sound and  supports progressive scan (you'll need the component cables from nintendos site and an HD-ready TV for it) The only reason anyone could not like this game is because of the extreme mission challenge. It's practically impossible to finish the mission fast enough with enough accuracy to get a Gold medallion that can be used to unlock bonuses. The controller design is very natural. GET IT OR REGRET IT!
3	B00005QDPZ	this game is really awsome.  Its a challenging game but everyone needs a challenge.  This was the 3rd game i bought for Gamecube and it is my 3rd pick out of 3.  All of my friends with Gamecube have this game.  I keep sharing my files with each of them to get better ships and weapons, and better EVERYTHING!  thats all i am going to say other than get this game, THPS3( tony hawk 3), or super smash bros: MELEE.
3	B00005QDPZ	Subtitled Rogue Squadron II, this GameCube game lets you fly spaceship in the Star Wars universe and take on the original Star Wars universe.I've always been a huge fan of space combat games, from the other Star Wars games to the Wing Commander games. The graphics were very nice, but not hugely better than those other games. The flying and ships are in the same arena.The gameplay itself is pretty straightforward. Eleven missions, each with its own objectives. They're not always clear about where to go next or what to do. If you die, you're sent back to the beginning of a section to start again. If you happen to catch on, this means you can win the entire game in a few hours. if you happen to get stuck on a given area, you could be replaying the exact same scene OVER and OVER again.Definitely a must-have for any true Star Wars fan, to relive the fun of that first movie. And space-flight fans like me will enjoy it for its nice graphics. But others might want to rent it a few times from the local store to make sure it's what they enjoy before buying it!
3	B00005QDPZ	Nintendo 64 fans should recognize the original title known as RogueSquadron, regarded as one of the best Star Wars games ever made. Butthe new Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron 2 you fly as LukeSkywalker or Wedge Antilles in all of the most famous battles from theoriginal three movies.The gameplay  follows the adventures of Luke Skywalker and WedgeAntilles and the most famous battles from the original three films. You don'tjust fly in famous ones, you also fly in the ones in between, which often set upthe scene for the major battles. There are 11 campaign mission in all, whichactually can be beaten in a very short amound of time, other features in thegame extend it gratly. Factor 5's point for the game was to recreate the StarWars universe in the greatest detail possible, and they did it very well. Youcan hardly tell the difference between the game and the movie. In the gameyou complete the mission objectives your given and are awarded medalsdepending on the requirements you for filled. In the game you shoot yourprimary weapon by pressing A, tapping it in different variations producesdifferent results of shooting. The B button shoots it's secondary weapon, orfor some ships charges up the proton torpedoes. When your not shootinganything your secondary weapon will automatically charge up. That is howyou shoot from all four laser guns on the X-Wing. The L button works as thebreaking system, and the R button works as an accelerator, just don't getthem mixed up! The harder you press the the shoulder buttons the moreaction you'll get from them. Using X you can go down into the cockpit, youcan look around with the C Stick. By pressing the Y button you can accessthe targeting monitor allowing you to lock onto your enemy for a better, moreconfirmed hit. This is also very useful for stages in the dark of space, or inthe clouds. But, I found it very annoying and difficult to use at certain points.For instance in mission #1, the Death Star Trench Run, in the trench you canactivate it to locate turrets ahead. Unfortunately there is no way of telling ifthere is anything in between you and the turret, such as walls, which there aremany of them. Another new feature is you use the D Pad to tell your gun manto aim at a certain thing you might have missed from the front, or just tell himto protect the rear, or tell your squadron to attack certain things, or retreat.Graphically, Rogue Leader 2 is one of the most impressive launch titles.It has real time environment effects such as the rising of a sun, moving cloudlayers, and tons of other things highly noticeable and less noticeable.  Andperhaps the most amazing fact, is that out of all of these amazing graphicsand extreme detail, Rogue Leader 2 managed to maintain a solid and fluid60 frames per second.The Sound of SWRL:RS2 is excellent, it shows off the sound capabilitiesof the GameCube. In the game it uses voice clips from the movies, as wellas new voices from actors and the original Wedge Antilles. The gametransfers sound from a calm to a tense mood well. This game is a reallygood example of the GameCube's sound capabilities. Rogue Leader 2utilizes the Dolby Surround Sound Pro Logic system, for awesome andintense sound.So in the end Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II is one of thebest, if not the best games at launch. A definite Buy.MY RATING:  9.5
3	B00005QDPZ	I'm not a big fan of all the Star Wars universe, but I always enjoyed the 'flight simulator' games. Controls are very easy to learn, and there is a training stage to help you understand and control everything. The sound is great as with all Star Wars games...you get to fly through various worlds and battles from Star Wars...but there are some things that are sort of bad with this game. It may just be my deep personal opinion, but it seems like you're always out there alone. Constantly you hear your teamates crying for help while you're being tailed by tie fighters tearing you a new one. It can get annoying that you have to help everyone on the rebel team, but no one can ever get the stealth tie fighters off your [rear]. Oh well...it's still fun. Of course there are secrets...what game would be complete without secrets!? None I tell you. You have to complete the mission in a certain amount of time and within certain parameters of performance. Based on this, you win a medal. Medals equals points which you can later use to 'buy' bounus stages. And I will flat out tell you that the final stage is the most intense and killer battle I've ever played. You dont have to be a Star Wars fan to follow this game...if you just like to fly around and shoot enemies out of the sky then you too can play this game and enjoy it. One of the cooler things about this game is that you, as the title suggests, are the rogue leader and can control what you want the rest of the squadron fighters to do throughout the mission. Whether it be attacking the oncoming tie fighters or taking out large turret guns firing from bases below, you're in control; a definite plus. The number of ships and features you get to use through out the game make it even more exciting. This game is definitely worth checking out.
3	B00005QDPZ	The wonderful graphic are not without backup, the game is a classic worthy of the history books, although some missions are difficult, if a game is to easy then it gets boring. Rouge Leader strikes it right inbetween frustrating and boring so it is a perfect game.A definite &quot;must buy&quot;.
3	B00005QDPZ	Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II.  Wow.  This game is amazing.  Ever since I've had my GameCube I have had this game, and I still love it.  It brings all the fun and excitement of the original Star Wars movies together with brand new cinematic elements, gameplay, and a totally new look.I'll start with the graphics.  This game has incredibly detailed models, with extremely high polygon ships and detailed backgrounds so real; you'd think it WAS real.  Every time I play this game I am taken back into all those great Star Wars movies from the past.  The game's overall presentation (graphics) is great, the detail is so fine even down to every little gun on a ship.  The previous version of this game had great graphics for the system it was on, the N64.  But the GameCube allows the sequel to exceed far belong anyone's expectations.  It definitely exceeded mine, and I'm still wowed by this game whenever I experience it again or simply just look at the gameplay.  It amazes me.Next, the sound.  Every single detail is included in this game in terms of sound.  It uses the MusyX sound system, which provides crisp, clear, stereo-quality sound.  The sound quality is nearly perfect; there is no recognizable static or unclear sound.  The sound effects are not over-used nor under-used; it is just the right amount.  The sound effects are one of the best parts about this game.  Everything from the flash of lasers firing, to the explosions of ships that you have just demolished.  It brings a much more satisfying feeling to you than just seeing the visuals.The music in this game is also great.  Nearly all the music has been re-recorded to complement the game.  John Williams's masterpieces can make you hum the tunes over and over and over again.  They are great, and the music is not over-used in the game either though.  The music provides an excellent background for the game.Now, the gameplay.  The interface of the game is great, the menus can be easily navigated, and there are even clips from previous Star Wars movies playing in the backgrounds of the menus!  The controls are absolutely perfect, no doubt about it.  Although they can be fairly difficult at first, once you learn them, you will be a professional at the game!  The ships are navigated just like a regular cockpit, and there is a cockpit view, too!  The ships interact with each other in a great way, and the game is extremely fun!  The AI in this game is absolutely incredible.  The enemy ships actually act as if there is a highly intelligent pilot behind the &quot;wheel&quot;.  There is almost nothing that I would change about the gameplay in this game.  It is highly enjoyable.The value in this game is its only weak point.  The longevity of this game is not as good as it should be.  A multiplayer mode needs to be in this game.  Once you beat the game, there's not a whole lot that you can do with it.  There is the option of getting all the gold and platinum medals for every level, but that is so ridiculously hard that it hardly seems worth it.  This game was at its peak fun level when I was still trying to beat all of the ordinary ten or so levels.  There are five extra bonus levels, but they can only be obtained by getting a certain amount of the medals on the ordinary levels.  WARNING:  This game is fairly difficult and I recommend you should be at least eight years old to play it.  Of course, younger kids could play it, but it would probably be very hard for them.Star Wars Rogue Squadron II is a great game.  I recommend it to any hardcore gamer that likes this type of game and likes one player gaming.  The only addition that I think there should be with this game is for a multiplayer mode.  I think it would be perfect if it had this.Overall, Rogue Squadron II is incredible.  It brings back all the fun and excitement of the original Star Wars movies and puts these events from the movies into your control!  Lucas Arts has put together an absolutely magnificent game.  I hope this review can sway someone's opinion about the game.Mark Williams
3	B00005QDPZ	Overview: As a long-time Star Wars fan, I've always loved to try the newest Star Wars game. From the original vector-based Star Wars Arcade game on, there's just something about being able to tap into an universe that you're already familiar with. Unfortunately, like many licensed titles, these have been hit and miss over the years, though the hits have been many on Nintendo consoles. Rogue Leader is no exception, setting a new mark for excellence in a Star Wars game. While fans of the more technical TIE and X-Wing shooters on the PC might find this a step down as far as gameplay is concerned, most Star Wars fans will come to the agreement that no game has captured Star Wars so well visually. No other early GameCube game comes close to the visual splendor to be found, and very few play as well to boot.Graphics: 10.0  One word sums up Rogue Leader's graphical prowess: AMAZING! No game I've seen on any platform has caught me more by surprise than the graphical beast that is the Rogue Leader engine. While I suppose that I shouldn't be all that surprised, Factor 5 did some great work on the Nintendo 64 after all (Rogue Squadron & Indiana Jones & the Infernal Machine in particular), I suppose that I just wasn't prepared for the leap they were able to take from the Nintendo 64. Not only are the ship models extremely accurate to their motion picture counterparts (I've read specs that state that they're actually MORE detailed than the 3D models used in the Special Editions), but the textures are top-notch. The level of detail is also amazing. Not only have the environments from the films been effectively recreated (one might argue that some even look better), but the little things, such as stormtroopers running around and turbolasers firing in the distance as far as the eye can see, convince you at times that you are actually there. Via the GameCube, Factor 5 has basically accomplished in real time what fans have been wanting for years...a chance to PLAY the movie. Sure, I might be exaggerating just a bit, but I will not be guilty of underrating Rogue Leaders visuals; they are that good. Besides, as a long-time fan of the classic Trilogy (hey, I've played the Atari computer version of Star Wars Arcade!), you'll forgive me for that. Impressive...Sound: 9.5  If you've ever watched a Star Wars movie, you'll know what to expect here. The sound effects, voice-overs and John Williams' trademark soundtrack are all here, and in fine fashion. Thanks to the mini-DVD medium, a Star Wars game on a Nintendo system has never been better. In the advent of the surround-sound home theater, Rogue Leader's ProLogic II surround sound is also welcome. While you have to have a newer receiver to be able to take full advantage of the format, it still sounds very good on my older ProLogic receiver, so good in fact that you can hear the TIE's coming up from behind. It's hard for a game that LOOKS this good to blow you away in the sound area, but let me be the first to say, that Rogue Leader *ALMOST* pulls it off. Most impressive...Gameplay: 8.0  Where many licensed games fall short is the area of gameplay, and there has been more than one Star Wars game to fall prey to that trend. Fortunately, Rogue Leader manages to play extremely well: controls are well-laid out and responsive, while the design, which can be difficult, never seems that overwhelmingly difficult. That being said, there is very little new here. It's basically Rogue Squadron with better graphics after all. Right? Not quite... While the play mechanics of the original are basically unchanged, there are two areas that have been improved upon GREATLY: 1) SPEED & 2) AI. In Rogue Squadron, there were points in the game where you just felt like your X-Wing was literally CRAWLING across the sky. You won't have that sensation here. While your ship still never seems to move as fast as you need it to (remember, the TIE's are faster than just about anything the Rebellion has...even the A-Wings can't quite do it), the sensation of speed is there, particularly when skimming over the surface of a Star Destroyer or some other large-scale obstacle. As for the AI, I'm not so much referring to the forces of the Empire as I am your fellow Rogue Squadron members. You can't depend on them to do all the work, but their reactions to your commands are responsive, as you can actually see them doing the order you just issued.Theme: 10.0  This is a Star Wars game, and if that says anything, it's that there are thousands of (rabid?) fans waiting for more realistic immersion into the Star Wars universe than games have allowed. While Star Wars Galaxies promises role-playing in the classic Star Wars universe early next year, no game captures the speed and epic scale of the space battles of the Star Wars films like Rogue Leader does right now. The scale of the game, the size of the Star Destroyers and Death Star, the swarms of TIE Fighters, it truly is one aspect of the Star Wars experience on a grand scale. With the space expansion of Star Wars Galaxies well over a year away, no other title puts you there like this. You'd need your own astromech droid for it to be any more convincing.Overall: 9.5  While launch titles are almost never considered to be representative of what a hardware platform is capable of, it's hard not to think that Factor 5 has been able to tap into the GameCube's capabilities at an unrivalled degree. By staying with the formula that had proven successful on the N64 with Rogue Squadron (and the lest touted Battle for Naboo), Factor 5 has been able to refine the gameplay for a game that's ultimately very easy to just pick up and play, but difficult enough to master. Perhaps the biggest compliment that can be given to the game though, is that once you have mastered it, you might just want to take it for another spin, if only to take in all the beautiful scenery.
3	B00005QDPZ	(...)Star Wars:Rouge Leader 2. So, I rented it to see how it played and who cool it was. Beyond cool... I played the Death Star level and the graphics were non-stop jaw-droppin'. Sure it suffers from shortus-gameus which means short game. But the replay value is off the charts! The bonus missions will keep you busy to get. The real voices, the real movie scenes, and the real grpahics mean Star Wars. The game is a classic through and through. If that dosen't make you happy, no Jar Jar Binks!
3	B00005QDPZ	Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II is without a doubt the best Star Wars videogame ever.  It has all that a person who loves the Star Wars space battle scenes from the original trilogy.  Lucasarts was very smart to have this game deal with the original Star Wars trilogy since that, in my mind, is the best of whatever else Star Wars movies can come out.  The graphics of the game were outstanding and show what the Nintendo GameCube is capable of doing, much more so than Luigi's Mansion, with lighting, sound effects, music, graphics, etc.  Lucasarts was again bright to allow us, the players, to be able to fly our favorite crafts in the three most famous battles of the original trilogy:  The Battle of Yavin, Battle of Hoth, and Battle of Endor.  For me, the Battle of Endor was the best, since the level is so huge, fighters and larger ships are everywhere, and they are drawn to scale with each other, definitely.  The game is also very good in that it allows players to do what they may have wanted to do in a long time, like take for example, take out a Imperial Star Destroyer with a lone X-Wing or B-Wing, and in the Battle of Endor you have to take out two, as well as take one out (which is pretty hard with turbolasers and fighters all over the place)in a different level.  If you are a fan of the Star Wars universe very much, this game is definite enough to buy the GameCube, and any player who plays this definitely not be disappointed.  I sure wasn't!
3	B00005QDPZ	I can't find anything that stands out as being bad about Rogue Squadron, which was one of the first titles released on the Nintendo Gamecube.  It has many good things going for it, not the least of which is its Star Wars license, which is put to excellent use.  From the menus, which feature video from the classic trilogy, to the sound effects (ripped straight from the films) to the plot (which starts at the end of Star Wars and goes through to the end of Return Of The Jedi), it's all there.The game's easy to pick up and a lot of fun.  The missions aren't incredibly difficult to get through, though earning gold medals on all of them is next to impossible, at least before you've found all the hidden powerups and unlocked some of the extra ships.  Some of the requirements are a little *too* stringent, if you ask me -- why include the targeting computer, and a powerup that lets you keep it on all the time, if you're *not* supposed to use it?  Also, to kill enough enemies to earn a gold medal on most missions, you have to get rid of your wingmen, which removes the whole appeal of *having* wingmen in the first place.  There are also levels where it's too easy to lose (or miss a medal) because you made a simple mistake.  When a mission takes 10-15 minutes to complete, that gets real annoying real fast.In any case, I can't say this is a *bad* game; it just didn't jump out at me as one of my favorites.  The lack of a multiplayer mode (being remedied in its upcoming sequel, which is supposed to have cooperative multiplayer) might be part of it.  It could also benefit from more of an overarching storyline (like in the X-Wing games on the PC) -- each mission feels disconnected from the others.  Part of the problem is also that I had the first Rogue Squadron on the N64, and this feels like mostly the same game with better graphics.  I'm holding out hope that Rogue Squadron III will improve on all these areas.A solid game, and at the prices you can get it for now, I'd recommend it to any Star Wars fan.  Otherwise, rent it first before you plunk your cash down.
3	B00005QDPZ	I pretty much bought the Gamecube for this game and Resident Evil.  While the graphics and sound are typically great, the controls were frustrating.  I much prefer the gameplay of the Starfighter games to the one exhibited in Rogue Squadron.  Was also enlessly annoying to have to use the targeting computer to see targets, as the lighting made it otherwise too difficult for me.  Perhaps it was just a problem with my tv, but it only happened for this game.
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is a must for any &quot;Star Wars&quot; fan. The Game Play is awsome, graphics nice. Great Ship selection if you can unlock them or just get the passcodes.Mike
3	B00005QDPZ	Indeed you are powerful, as the emperor has forseen.  All truth to this incredibly amazing game!  Ok, to level with you, while the game may seem 'short' the levels are chock full of objectives and stuff to do.  The game also boasts 5 secret unlockable ships, as well as several other ships that may be played in certain levels.  Along with the ships comes 5 secret levels, and other extras too.  Obviously, the graphics are Buy this game, now.  If you own Super Smash Bros Melee, this is definatly the next game to get!
3	B00005QDPZ	This a game of the Star Wars. Known as a good movie and even better game. The graphics are the one of the best for gamecube. The best jet is the X- Wing or the Millemuiem Falcon. Much better graphics the first Star Wars: Rogue Squadron. A complicated and fun game...
3	B00005QDPZ	pros. real starwars levels like the attack on the deathstar and the battle of Hoth. wedge Antallies real voice. cool star wars aircrafts like the x-wing and the millennium falconcons. it is impossible to unlock everything whitout cheats. levels are to long. Chewbacca is not plyable. the n64 game is better
3	B00005QDPZ	Here's a mini-review of Rogue Leader. For more info on the game, head to Nintendorks.&quot;Those familiar with the Rogue Squadron series will feel right at home in Rogue Leader II. Its menus are nearly identical to its predecessors with the addition of some memorable movie clips playing at certain places. And yes, Leia in the slave outfit is one of them. Missions are also much like the N64 version in terms of length and difficulty. The missions span the story of the first trilogy (Eps. 4-6), beginning with the destruction of the Death Star and finishing with the destruction of Death Star 2:The Wrath of Lando. There are 11 standard missions in the game, with about five being too easy for a Rogue Squadron veteran. Sure, you can always go back and play the level twenty times...trying to shave three seconds off your time and get the gold medal. Somehow I just find that less satisfying than trying over and over to beat a truly challenging mission.Much to no one's surprise, Rogue Leader is an awesome game and an excellent launch title for the Gamecube. Graphics and sound have made leaps and bounds over the original. Considering that this is a launch title, the beauty of this game speaks volumes for the talent over at Factor 5. Controls and gameplay are also top-notch, but don't really offer enough of that intangible &quot;something more&quot; that those who have beaten this series to death may be craving. But the reasons those games have been beaten to death is because they are damn good games, and Rogue Leader is certainly no exception.&quot;
3	B00005QDPZ	Star Wars: Rogue Leader (Rogue Squadron 2) marks the first time that Nintendo has launched a new platform without its main launch title being from the Mario family of games.  While the initial set of launch games does keep the Mario series going with Luigi's Mansion, Rogue Leader is Nintendo's crown jewel for the GameCube and it plays like it.  Some Star Wars games have show the tendency to be very mediocre and disappointing (Rebel Assault II comes to mind), but I was pleasantly surprised with quality and replay value of the original Rogue Squadron for N64.  The challenge wasn't only in beating the game, it was in obtaining gold medals on each of the levels in the game.  The challenge of obtaining the medals (bronze, silver, and gold) drove me to keep playing each board even after defeating it.  It made me a more disciplined player and gave me a greater sense of satisfaction when I achieved the desired medal.  I eventually got all the gold medals around the time that talk of the sequel, Rogue Leader, was getting started up.  As soon as I got the GameCube for Christmas, I made sure Rogue Leader was the first game I bought.  What an amazing game!!!  The graphics are unparalleled on any game on any platform that I have seen (and this includes Playstation 2 and X-Box).  Unlike Rogue Squadron, which followed a storyline in a time period independent of the movies, Rogue Leader's storyline runs parallel to the original trilogy.  As a result, the gameplayer gets engage in battles above the original Death Star (including the spectacular trench run), Hoth, Bespin, Endor, and the second Death Star.  Additionally, the other boards focus on events hinted at in the movies or literature about that time period in the Star Wars Universe (Vengeance at Kothlis is one of my favorites of that bunch).  All told, there are 10 main levels, 1 Tatooine Training Mission level, and 5 bonus missions (which can only be unlocked using the points accrued by obtaining medals on each of the main levels and subsequent unlocked bonus levels).  It should be noted that two of the bonus levels are fascinating alternate reality scenarios where you get to fly Darth Vader's tie fighter and destroy rebel ships above the Death Star and then destroy there base on Yavin.  The final bonus level is the "Endurance" stage where you fight above the Death Star and have to destroy 99(!) waves of Imperial fighters.  There's a little trick to do so and once you figure it out, the only challenge is just investing the time to defeat the board (it's taken me 4 hours, but a Gold Medal is all but assured if you defeat all the waves).  The Tatooine Training mission is not required for any of the regular or bonus mission goals (though completing it during 4 separate time periods is required for unlocking ACE mode), but it is a very good way to get familiarized with the game controls and the types of techniques you can and will need to use during the regular missions.  If I have any quibble with the game, and it's only a minor one, it's that Rogue Leader doesn't give you much (i.e. nothing at all) in terms of fanfare for achieving all the Gold Medals or all the ACE Medals.  At least the original Rogue Squadron gave you a little fireworks celebration.  But, I digress.  It's a tiny complaint that cannot even begin to detract from overall superior quality of this game.  Nintendo continues to get it right and continues to justify my support of them as the game system of choice.
3	B00005QDPZ	This is WAY  better than the N64 version, that is for sure. The combat in some levels can get pretty tight, seen most of the time when you've GOT TIE FIGHTERS SWARMING ALL AROUND YOU AND CLOSING IN ON YOUR BUTT!!! Aside from the regular game missions, there are 5 bonus missions yu unlock by getting medals (Bronze, Silver, or Gold) for meeting certain rquierments in the game, and the medals give you points for unlocking the missions. You can also unlock ships to  to use on different missions, and the good part about those is that you don't use your points to unlock those. If you're one for cheating a lot in games, this is a code filled game. You can use many of the ships found in episodes 4-6, including the X-Wing, Y-Wing, A-Wing, B-Wing, Snowspeeder, Millenium Falcon, and the Cloud Car (only by switching ships on level 7.) You can also unlock the TIE Fighter, TIE Advanced, Imperial Shuttle, even the fast, heavily armored Naboo Starfighter from Episode I!! It's a great game, and I really think you should get it, even though it's rated T. It's only for the violence of blowing ships and ground complexes up!!
3	B00005QDPZ	I can still remember the shrieks of rage that erupted from my brother when Biggs got shot down in the first assault on the Death Star. His emotion seemed a little excessive, but then again, he always took his Star Wars pretty seriously. His rage must have left an impression, however, because I bought Rogue Leader thinking I could rewrite Star Wars history and save Biggs. While I'm happy to report that the game is great fun and faithfully recreates many of the enormous space battles of the first three movies, I could not save Biggs. He was, as I always feared, merely an extra...and doomed to be cannon fodder.I didn't find the tutorial mission to be much help (though you do get to bulls eye womp rats); it was more exploration than instruction. You're probably better off just jumping into the first mission that pits you, Luke Skywalker, piloting your trusty X-Wing as Red five, against the original Death star.It looks right out of the movie and really sets the mood for the game. The first two parts of this first mission are basically tutorial as you attack cannon towers and hapless tie fighters that rarely shoot back or do much in the way of evading. You're able to give your wingmen commands to do a number of things and they're pretty effective at carrying out orders. The only difficulty in the mission comes when Darth Vader appears with a guard of Tie Interceptors, wounds Wedge, and then blows Biggs away(*sniffle*). You must, as Obi-Wan's spirit guides,'..Use the force, Luke' to finish off the Death Star. You all know the rest.Each mission gives you three lives to complete the three-part missions. After each successfully completed mission, statistics are compiled and medals are awarded (or not awarded) according to your proficiency. Each medal is worth points and can be used to unlock alternate fighters and missions. Each mission also has upgrades hidden somewhere in the map which can be used to upgrade ships' components. It is worth noting that the missions jump rather radically in difficulty so that by the third mission, you're up against a Star Destroyer and cursing blasted Wedge for not backing you up. If you could clone Porkins, I'm sure he'd die in every mission.The mission difficulty is probably the most frustrating aspect of the game, but also the most rewarding. One minute you'll be cursing the game and its makers and trying to restrain yourself from smashing the controller and then suddenly realize some new tactical strategy that lets you finish the mission. I will say that the final mission is simply too difficult--realistic, but too difficult. I beat it after much pain and cursing.The technical aspects of the game are very well done. The controls are responsive and every craft feels very different to pilot. There are also several views (inside cockpit, just behind fighter, far back of fighter, and bombing view for those fighters that are capable) and each viewpoint has advantages and disadvantages. The graphics are some of best to be seen on the Cube to date--up there with Resident Evil and the like. The missions that recreate battles from the movies look exactly like their movie counterparts. I also didn't encounter any glitches or bugs while playing this game.The audio is terrific and appropriate for a Star Wars game. The staple soundtrack and sound effects are right out of the movies. The voice acting was the most surprising, as any spoken dialogue not taken directly from the movies is voiced by actors who do a convincing job of imitating the stars. The replacement voice for Lando (Billy Dee Williams) was especially convincing.In all, Rogue Squadron II faithfully recreates the major battles of the Star Wars movies in all their difficulty and technical brilliance-just be prepared to see Biggs die...again.
3	B00005QDPZ	First off, I'm a big fan of the original star wars movies, I loved them! But the game disappointed me in several key aspects. And while I may not have enjoyed this title as much as others, it was still a nice game to experience.The graphics were excellent, the music true to the movies, and the game was incredibly easy to control. So what made it take a turn for the worse? The basic gameplay. It seemed like every mission I started, I would end up attacking the ship I was supposed to be escorting, or spending half an hour trying to fire my secondary weapon (I still don't know how to fire a tow cable). The problem is that the only instructions you get come in verbal form that would seem to only serve as a reminder to those who already know what to do. I really came close to throwing my controller out the window several times.Once you realize what the objective actually means (for me that meant looking at an online guide), you can appreciate the game for what it is. I may not have played many flying games, but the ships all seemed easy to control. I ended up enjoying the levels where you could just fly around attacking Tie's for target practice. Since a large part of the game consists of collecting medals for achieving objectives, it should last you a respectable amount of time (assuming you eventually understand the instructions). There are also many unlockable levels, so it felt like you got a lot of variety (complete with visually amazing and unique scenery).Overall a great flying game, but maybe not quite worth a purchase. Great for a weekend rental, but unless you are a hardcore Star Wars fan, I wouldn't recommend buying it.
3	B00005QDPZ	Now that this game has been out for a while, you can get it at great prices. It certainly is worth a try if you like shoot-em-up games with machines. I like the Star Wars arcade games and this gives the same feel and the graphics are really impressive -- not so much from the detail of static displays (which also are very good), but more so the amount of graphic information and the speed at which it is presented to you. This was one of the least likely games for us to keep when we purchased it, but now it has turned out to be one of the most likely to keep. Good stuff.
3	B00005QDPZ	What can be said about Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II? Everything about it, the graphics, sound, controls, story, and even voices are good. From the moment the GameCube intro movie passes, you are entertained. Even before you have to pick up the controller, you see stormtroopers forming in the LucasArts logo dancing to the Mos Eisley cantina music. From then on, it is sheer bliss. The controls take a little while to get used to, but after that brief learning period they are second nature. Your thumbs and index fingers flow perfectly to the correct buttons, and never once do you need to check where they are. The movies of this game just don't do the sound and picture justice, you won't even notice that you aren't playing the movie most of the time. The voice-overs are well done and placed, Factor 5 (the developers) even got the real voice of Wedge Antilles to do his voice. The only reason why I give this game four stars is because of the difficulty level. You can be stuck on a level for days at a time, and then you can forget about a gold medal until you replay it with about a thousand more times, and that's with all the upgrades you can find. The lack of a multiplayer option is a minimal inconvenience, as it would detract from the experience in the rest of the game. Many people would end their review with &quot;May the Force be With You!&quot; but that's just to cheesy for me. I'll just go with the simple, &quot;Good luck and good hunting!&quot;
3	B00005QDPZ	Need passcodes?Rogue Leader has tons of em plus it features infinite lives and level select if you type the right passcodes. First part runs like a graphically remastered version of Atari's Star Wars and the rest features great outer space graphics. Buy this now.
3	B00005QDPZ	this game is better than i ever imagined! it is so close to the movies, at times you think you're really watching them! the voices even sound like the original actors! a nice factor to the game is that it features the real voice of the character Wedge Antilles from the movies! the graphics will blow you're mind and the game controls like a dream! the game has 11 normal levels and 4 secret levels that you can access from earning medals on the mormal missions. the game also has a special features section with a 20 minute making of movie. yes thats right, MOVIE. theres also an option to listen to the entire game soundract. these options can only be accessed by earing medals or by knowing the passwords and i might just give you one. it access the making of option, enter ?INSIDER and there you go! the rest of the game is up to you to earn. so give this game a shot, and may the force be with YA!
3	B00005QDPZ	Rogue Leader was originally a launch title for the Nintendo Gamecube, and continued the franchise started by Rogue Squadron on the N64. The basic gameplay is something of an elevated arcade shooter. It's nowhere as in-depth as a flight sim, but it includes some situations where you'll need to do some genuine tactical thinking to get out alive (protecting convoys, destroying targets, etc). You'll have an infrared heads-up display and basic command over your wingmen, as well as an extra payload of bombs or torpedoes to get the job done. Missions range from new levels and environments to recreations of key scenes from the movies (Battle of Hoth, attack on the Death Stars).What really turned Rogue Leader into a system seller was its stunning graphics. This is still one of the prettiest titles on the Gamecube, and comes the closest of any game to looking like Star Wars (with the possible exception of the sequel, Rebel Strike). The amount of detail is breathtaking, and the effects are solid. Nintendo lost a solid developer with the departure of Factor 5.The only nitpick about this game is that it basically plays the same as the N64 original, and also the other Star Wars space shooters (Battle for Naboo, Starfighter). Graphics, framerate and audio have take a huge leap in quality, but the basic gameplay (and some of its limitations, like z-axis movement in space) is untouched. In that sense at times it feels like a tech demo souped up with fancy bells and whistles. But if that's it, then it's one of the most satisfying tech demos you'll ever play.This is a must-have for all Gamecube owners, Star Wars fans or not.
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is great for Star Wars fans and fighter plane enthusiasts alike. It is very very fun.
3	B00005QDPZ	I've been of fan of this game and its sequel! I am just so glad I've founded this to replace of what I lost and that is this game! Thank you for selling it!
3	B00005QDPZ	This is a wonderful game with a lot of new features, much better control than  previous games!  I actually was not going to acquire the GameCube but did so because of this game and I am not sorry!  If you enjoyed Rogue Squadron - you will revel  in this sequel. Happy flying and may the force be with you!
3	B00005QDPZ	This game is awesome-until Mission 10.  I don't mind a challenge, but a game ceases to be fun when you play the same mission fifty times and beat it finally out of sheer luck.  The last mission is too hard, period.  If you have anything resembling a life outside of your Gamecube, you will never earn gold medals so forget about it.  I find this to be true with many of the Gamecube's games...and people say this is a machine for kids?!  Graphically and soundwise this game is amazing-best I have seen on a console to date.  The game's early levels are awesome...you feel like you are in the movie and the challenge is perfect in many of the later levels.  Be warned...you run the risk of destroying your Gamecube when you try to fly out of the exploding Death Star in level 10 for the umpteenth time only to crash into a wall as you try to speed away from the fire.  It is damn near impossible.  Factor 5 would have had a near perfect game if not for that flaw.
3	B00005QDPZ	This is a great game.  Graphics and sound are great.  Why I gave it four stars is because some parts of the game are really tough, specifically the Battle of Endor level (you try blowing up three star destroyers with an a-wing) and the last level.  Overall, a great game.
3	B00005QDPZ	Spectacular is the word which comes to mind when I think of this game. This was the first game I purchased for my Gamecube and was the main driving force for me getting a Gamecube.The gameplay is truly great & you get to relive all the amazing Star Wars moments from the movies.There are also plenty of extras to unlock & the game itself will test the best of videogamers. I did think it was a tad bit too difficult though. That was really the only downside to the game. Anyways, the game is now like $20, so I would get it.Rogue Squadron II is definitely a classic you don't want to get rid of.I also recommend Knights of the Old Republic (xbox)!
3	B00005QDPZ	This game was designed to blow everything away and is just incredible.  The graphics, sound and play is movie-like.  I couldn't believe how real everything appeared and how smooth the action was.  More games like this, please!!!!!!  The levels are very challenging and I still haven't seen them all.  Plenty of secrets if you can find them.  Gameplay is straightforward yet really puts your skills to the test.  The closest we will probably ever come to living the Star Wars universe.  A real treat and worth every penny!!
3	B00005QDPZ	One of the first games out of the gate for the GCN, and easily a must-have. The graphics, the unparalled gameplay enhanced from the N64 version, but despite the only 10 regular missions, there is still much to do, and 5 missions to unlock. One thing this game brings is its connection to the movies. Lucasarts has brought the movie experience to the GCN in a way not ever seen before. Get this game, I encourage you, &quot;The Force is strong in this one.&quot;
3	B00005QDPZ	Another GREAT Star Wars title out.Lucas Does It Again.Solid Performance.Great Game Play.An 'OK' Story Line. Could Of Been Better.Graghics and Design Look Amazing!
3	B00005QDPZ	Let me say again, WOW.The graphics are great and the gameplay is excellent. You are suppose to earn coins to buy new levels and save the rebellion. This game is excellent and a must have. I have to leave now to go play this game.
3	B00005QDQ1	This is one of those games that prove why Sega is such a great game company!  It's addictive and simple, yet extremely challenging for even the most advanced gamer.  Simple, you pick your monkey, try and collect all the bananas, and then cross the goal line.  It even has cool party games, that are a blast with four players!
3	B00005QDQ1	Ok, first off, look past the kiddy like looks of this game.  To be totally honest I don't understand how a kid could even play this type of game! All you hardcore gamers out there that believe mature games are all blood, guts, and gore need a wake up call. All starting with you being a monkey in a ball and you also controlling the floor in order to reach the goal and collect the most bananas you can before time's up.  This game is so much fun I don't know where to begin, either with the fantastic one player mode, or the very addictive mini games for four players.  This game totally keeps you on your toes with the increasing difficulty, each time you complete a floor or stage rather, you are introduced with another but even more challenging than the last.  In my humble opinion, this game should be in the hands of every Gamecube owner, and is one of the best launch titles.  If you want a great game with almost infinate replay value then this is your game, in fact, when I played the Japanese version, I barely put it down.  Please, consider this being your game at launch, I will almost bet you it won't disappoint you.
3	B00005QDQ1	This game is fun. It has nice graphics and good gameplay. However it is a [duplicate] of marble madness
3	B00005QDQ1	Super Monkey Ball is a fairly simple puzzle-type game.  You start with your monkey, who happens to be trapped in a hamster-ball like sphere, and you go throught the various floors collecting bannanas and fighting the clock to reach the goal.  On the surface it is indeed a simple concept, but getting through it can be maddening...the good, addictive, time-killing type of maddening.I actually picked up this game for the multiplayer features before getting hooked on the single-player game.  6 multiplayer modes are available, 3 need to be unlocked through the single player mode.  Fight mode, racing &amp; target mode are all available from the get-go, with racing being the most fun for me.  You pick up power-ups that can be shot at your opponents as you lap 6 different courses, trying to hit the finish line first while not falling off the sides.  Fighting has you &amp; your opponents perched on a platform, trying to push each other off with the aid of power-ups.  Target has you rolling off of a ramp and onto a floating target, trying to outscore your opponent while avoiding randomly-determined hinderences such as mines, clouds &amp; bombs.With much to unlock, many modes of play and easy-to-learn gameplay, this is the perfect choice for testing out your new GameCube.
3	B00005QDQ1	I wanted a game that I could put in my GameCube and just play for a couple of minutes everynow and then. It's a good game for that, until it gets addicting. The main game is great, but what the game is good for is the mini and party games. All of them are excellent multiplayer games, and even good one player games. They never get old. I'd recommend buying this game, espically for the great price.
3	B00005QDQ1	I just bought a GC less than a week ago and this was one of the first games I purchased. This game is flat out fun, no other word to describe it. I read some inaccuracies in the official review and in some other reviews on here. You don't tilt the floor in this game, you are actually in control of the monkey in the transparent ball and you move them around in the ball to get through the board. Sometimes the board tilts and gives the illusion that you are controlling the board as opposed to the monkey but that's not the case. You have a time limit to get to the goal without falling off of the board. There are four unique monkeys to choose from, and more than one person can use the same character, they'll just be a different color. Along the way, you can collect bananas and like Mario or Donkey Kong games, when you collect 100, you get a 1up.Anyway, if you play one player mode, you must have patience. There are three difficulty levels: Beginner, Advanced, and Expert. Each has 10, 30, and 50 levels, respectively. Beginner is pretty easy, I finished all 10 levels without losing any monkeys. Getting to board 30 on Advanced is a trip and I still haven't been able to pass it, but half of the fun was getting there. Expert is really hard and of the 50 levels, I've probably seen 10. When you play in one player mode, you earn Play Points. Play Points allow you to unlock the Mini Games (Monkey Billiards, Monkey Bowling, and Monkey Golf). It kind of reminds me of Mario Party in that respect. So far, I've unlocked Bowling and Billiards, both of which are fun.The cool thing about this game is that every mode can be played in multiplayer. (Just remember, you can only earn Play Points in one player mode.) Whether you want four people to play the regular floor-to-floor game, or Monkey Fight (knock your opponent off the platform with a boxing glove, a little like a minigame in Mario Party), or Monkey Race (a lot like Mario Kart with the items), or the Target game (a lot like P-Wings, I love this mode, a whole lot of fun). In addition, all of the minigames can be played by up to four people. Bowling is very straight forward, pick the angle, then the power, then the spin you want to put on the ball. Billiards is 9-ball. Haven't seen Golf yet.Half of the fun is watching. My friends and I, a 24, 25, 26 and 29 year-old were playing this for a couple of hours, and we all go for different types of games. The monkeys are so entertaining that you find yourself laughing at them constantly. Trying not to fall off in the Normal Mode will ruin your nerves. It keeps you on the edge of your seat when you're watching someone manuever through a tough spot. It's one of those games that makes it fun to be a spectator.Simply put, I love this game. There is enough variety that everyone should be able to find something they like about it. The fact that the four of us found any one game great was amazing. This is a must buy for Gamecube.
3	B00005QDQ1	I had never heard of the Gamecube title called Super Monkey Ball before I walked into my friend's bedroom to find it sitting on the shelf.  I proceeded to inspect the game case and eventually realized my friend was actually playing the game at the time.  So I sat down and watched him for a bit before he eventually asked me if I'd like a go.  I said sure and within 24 hours I owned this mother of a gem.If you've never played this game or it's sequel, you are missing out on some serious fun.For starters, there is a pretty good amount of things to do in this game, from the basic story mode, which is insanely difficult for the most part, to the mini-games, like bowling and flying.  The games are fun and addictive, espescially with a friend or two.  You will find yourself going round after round, rolling down a huge ramp only to be shot off the end and launched into the clear blue sky.  You then open your ball up and use it as a glider to navigate your monkey through the air and try to land of score specific targets floating in the water.  If you miss, you fall in the water and get nothing except a whining monkey, who is also drowning for a brief period of time.I can't really say too much about this game that isn't just praising the fun level of it.  There really is no story, you are just a group of monkeys and for some reason they are in balls.  I really don't know the story behind that.So go out and buy this game, or have a swarm of angry, monkey-toting balls on your hands...wait a minute, that doesn't sound right...
3	B00005QDQ1	Okay I must say the second one did have good multiplayer games but thats it.The main game is horrible.I mean when you get to inchworms which is practically impossible you just want to break the game in half.That is not the case with the first one.You can easily get to the last level but it is still challenging enough to keep your interest.This game is so fun and the racing section is MUCH better than the second one.One player mode is actually the most fun if you ask me and the price for this game was inexpensive so its a true bargain.Buy this game today.
3	B00005QDQ1	The actual game is fairly good.  The multi-player are a mixed bag.  The Bowling is just about the worst thing I've ever seen.  It got my neighbor's little girl so upset we had to make her promise not to attempt it.The golf, on the other hand, is amazingly good.  As good as Mario!
3	B00005QDQ1	My wife and I bought this along with Luigi's Mansion and our Game Cube.  We play it so much.  We beat all the levels, and opened all the mini games, and play them all the time.  SOme of the reviews here are right on, the levels can get very hard very fast, if you give up easily and don't follow anything through to the end, you will never finish all the levels.  Those who claimed to have finished it all in an hour obviously didn't play this game.  All teh hard levels are doable, and the unlocking mechanism, forces the player to improve at playing the main game while opening new games at a steady and comfortable rate.  A good game for individuals, a perfect game for families.
3	B00005QDQ1	Super Monkey Ball is THE most addictive game for Gamecube right now!  Forget Luigi's Mansion, Super Monkey ball has next to unlimited replay value!  You have a few differnt modes like single player, muti-player, mini-games, and party mode!  A great puzzle, party, wacky, addictive game!  Get this one before you get any others!
3	B00005QDQ1	My family enjoys the Mario Party games, and are always looking for games that are similar in gaming style.  This is a really comparable game with a lot of interesting ideas.  There are many ways to play each with benefits.There is regular play which is much like the old "Marble" game, piloting a ball up and down slopes, across narrow passages, until you reach the goal.  It gets harder as you go higher in stages.  In this method of play you can earn points to unlock more games such as bowling.In party mode, you can race, fight, and play monkey target (my personal favorite).  Monkey target is rolling your ball down a hill, and then taking off for flight at the end of the ramp.  Then you navigate the ball through the air trying to reach one of the targets.  Close the ball when you think you have good aim, and hope you stay on receiving points for where you landed on the target.Definately a good game for a group of people, and entertaining enough to hold a solo player's interests.
3	B00005QDQ1	This game does a great job at rounding out the Gamecube's lineup. With mini-games galour, this unique game never fails to impress with its innovative level designs and cool shortcuts. The main game is impressive: over 70 levels- and that's not even counting the bonus levels! Also, there are a few things to unlock, so the main game always keeps you coming back for more while you earn play points. The main game, however, is unimpressive compared to the great variety of multi-player mini-games! Monkey Bowling, Monkey Target, Monkey Billiards, Monkey Golf (mini-golf), Monkey Race, and Monkey Fight are all fun to at least some degree, and they are all multi-player. Monkey Bowling is always fun because it's easy to get into even for beginners. Monkey Golf is frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it, it is quite enjoyable. Monkey Target is also really great, and Monkey Fight is perfect for parties.The game does have a few shortcomings. The music is not catchy, and the controls seem a bit sensitive at times. Also, some of the levels on expert mode are just too difficult to the point that they are intensely frustrating. However, Monkey Ball comes out on top because of its innovative play and excellent mini-games.
3	B00005QDQ1	The second game is much better and has better games but this is still a fun party game if you don't have the second one.
3	B00005QDQ1	I am a 14 year old gamer and I find this game very fun. You manuever the monkey in the ball to the goal. This game may seem simple at first,but is gets hard. There are 3 levels,beginner,advanced,and expert,whch I heard can be insanely hard. And I heard after expert is beat an even harder level is unlocked. There are also many mini and party games, There is fighting,targeting,racing,billiards,golf,and bowling(if not more). This game will provide hours of enertainment for any person of any age. The graphics are crisp and colorful and the music is cool too. Very fun!
3	B00005QDQ1	This game is absolutely wonderful. Engaging and challenging levels that build gradually in difficulty and a bunch of fuzzy monkeys trapped in balls as characters. Brings me back to my hamster rearing days. If only I had the kind of crazy mazes and puzzles this game has.The best part of the game, as well as the sequel, is its ability to hold my interest. Even after I think I've gotten all the play I can get out of this game I keep coming back for more. Either for the great multi-player games, the fun party games or the always difficult, but rewarding puzzles. If you plan to go the distance with this game it will take up most of the hours of many days, but right away this addictive little gem wins a place in your heart and consistently rewards you for your efforts.Also check out Monkey Ball 2 for even more monkey action.
3	B00005QDQ1	While Super Monkey Ball's excellent graphics, but more cute style graphics may scare you away from this GameCube Exclusive title, don't let them scare you. This is one fun and definately addictive game, I can hardlly put it down. Super Monkey Ball includes over 100+ levels ranging from Begginer, to Intermediat6e, to the ever so difficult Expert mode. Many people who have played Monkey Ball shake at the near sight of the later Expert levels, which require extreme balance, speed, coordination, skill, and practice! So dont think this is some little kids game, which can be beaten in a weekend, if you manage to beat it at all. To help improve your skills, and have a killer time with friends, SEGA threw in Monkey Race (Like Mario Kart), Monkey Fight (Punch each other off a large stage), or Monkey Target (flying and then landing on point valued targets). After you earn enough points to buy them you can open up very fun single player mini games, but these mini games had A LOT of time and effort put into them so they are really good quality anf fun. they are: Monkey Billards, Monkey Bowling, and Monkey Golf. Each game adding a fun Monkey inside of the ball twist to it. Those mini games, party games, and over 100+ levels in the main game add up to massive, infinate if you will, replay value. Think of Super Monkey Ball as one of those extremely addictive old Pac Man style games, but more fun then a barrel full of monkeys. So if your getting a Cube, seriouslly consider Super Monkey Ball, ONLY FOR Nintendo GameCube.
3	B00005QDQ1	This is the type of game you can replay over and over again and it doesn't seem boring. It's not that there's a lot to unlock that makes it addictive (There are things to unlock and a good number of modes though,) it's the gameplay. It's simple really, every time the gameplay is simple, yet fun, there's great replay value. Graphics and sound are mediocre, but the game compensates for this with awesome gameplay and replay value. It's one of the best games on Gamecube and a must have for any owner of the system.Presentation- 90.5/100Graphics- 62/100Sound- 56/100Gameplay- 96/100Replay Value- 100/100Overall- 93/100
3	B00005QDQ1	Super Monkey Ball has a little cutsey-wutsey look that makes the game look like no one older than 7 can play. But inside that look is a tough game with addictive gameplay like an adlut to cigaretts. They have bowling, mazes, pool, target, fighting, and racing! The game has everything and blends them together into a perfect mix.
3	B00005QDQ1	THANK GOODNESS THE NINTENDO GAMECUBE IS A HIGH QUAILITY CONSOLE. CUZ AS MANY HOURS AS MY ROOMMATE AND I HAVE PLAYED &quot;SUPER MONKEY BALL&quot; YOU'D THINK A SYSTEM WOULD OVER HEAT. THANK YOU NINTENDO FOR SUCH WONDERFUL GAMES. THE REPLAY VALUE FOR THIS GAME IS UP THERE. ~~~~~~&gt; EVEN AFTER YOU BEAT IT, IT'S STILL FUN TO PLAY AGAIN &amp; AGAIN. DID I SAY BRAVO NINTENDO!!
3	B00005QDQ1	I must say I was highly skeptical of this game at first.  What fun would a game be that involved moving around balls with monkey's inside?  I mean, is this game serious?Yes it is serious and boy is it fun!  I was so amazed at how fun and easy this game was to play when I first started.  This game has insane replay value as there is a total of 7 different complete games to play.  All of them can be played with other people as well, plus there a special modes just for the single player.  One of the best modes for multiplayer would be &quot;Monkey Target&quot;.  This game has you roll the monkey ball down a steep incline similar to a ski jump, then open the monkey ball that act as &quot;wings&quot;.  You then fly the ball to a target and try to land on a spot for the most points.  The person with the most points at the end of a user determined amount of rounds wins!  Great fun!Monkey Ball is probably the most actively played game on the GameCube in our house right now.  With the whole family playing, including the 5 year old, we have a lot of fun!  If you can get only one game for the GameCube this year, make sure it's Super Monkey Ball.One note about the multiplayer... you don't need to have 4 controllers for all of the game modes.  Some game modes allow you to play 4 player with only one controller!
3	B00005QDQ1	Here's Super Monkey Ball in a nutshell. For the full review, head to Nintendorks.&quot;For such a simple-premised puzzle game, Super Monkey Ball is enjoyably complex, and has a ton to offer. It has everything going for it--It's fun, it's addictive, it's replayable out the wazoo, it comes with great mini and party games, and it has cute little monkeys rolling around in balls. What's not to love? If Super Monkey Ball is a sign of things to come from Amusement Vision and Sega, I'm giddy with anticipation. While the game may not have the technical razzle-dazzle of other GameCube launch titles, it makes up for it in spades with its fun, addictive gameplay--and that is, after all, the Nintendo difference. Thank you, Sega.&quot;
3	B00005QDQ1	Super Monkey Ball is a great game. The object of the &quot;main game&quot; is to guide your monkey through floors to a goal while collecting bananas and avoiding obstacles. There are 90 floors, and each and everyone of them is filled with mayhem and fun.The control is so simple, even elderly people won't be confused. Believe it or not, the only button used is the A button for actions, and the Control Stick for movement.I think that the graphics are great! The Dole bananas look good enough to eat, and there even mirror effects! Sega (no, not Nintendo) made the monkeys look so cute!If you need a break from the main game, relax with one of the party and mini-games. All the party and mini games make Super Monkey Ball seem like more than just one game. Although you need to unlock the mini-games, it's still a fun experience to play.The multiplayer option for everything is just great!I believe that Super Monkey Ball is a game that will go dowwwwwwn is video game history!
3	B00005QDQ1	First off, if you say this is a bad game just because you play as a monkey, ... When I got this game for Christmas along with my GCN, That is just what I thought, "You have to play as a monkey? Sheesh!" but then I took a chance and played it. I was definately mistaken. The game might be a tad "kiddy" (how I hate that word...) but it completely loses that once you get a taste of the upper levels. Those levels are so hard, no little kid could beat that! Even I couldn't! Plus, the Mini-games are excrusiatingly fun when playing with other people. I'd say this is a must-have for the party-goers.
3	B00005QDQ1	If you were to take the classic title Marble Madness and stick  monkeys inside those marbles, you would get this game. And boy is it just as addicting.In Super Monkey Ball, you control a monkey incased in a transparent sphere and try to make your way towards the goal. The controls are a bit different from the classic MM, as you don't directly control the monkey, you tilt the board that you're trying to navigate. And while the single player holds up fairly well, the main draw of this game is the multi-player, more specifically the mini-games. This title includes six mini-games (three of which you have to unlock) and they include Monkey Fight, Monkey Race, Monkey Target, Monkey Billiards, Monkey Bowling, and Monkey Golf, the first three being the most addictive in my opinion. If you have three buddies, prepare to shelter yourselves from the rest of the world for days straight.The graphics are good for consisting of nothing but monkeys and balls... and maybe some bananas too. Watching the monkeys dance in victory after every round is amusing though. The only sounds you'll be hearing are monkeys and announcers... which speaks for itself. At least the music is decent.Overall, despite the game's title, this is a actually a great game that is made even better when you are playing with friends. And if you do grow tired of this game, well, there's always Super Monkey Ball 2...
3	B00005QDQ1	I was afraid when I first got this game that it's replay value would not last. It was one of the first games for the gamecube and that had me worried. Plus C'mon. It was a monkey in a ball. But when I played it, I was pleasantly surprised. The main one player game is pretty difficult (the expert mode close to impossible sometimes). But it is still fun to try. But my favorite part is the variety of multiplayer games it offers to unlock. My family plays the monkey race and monkey fight all the time. I also like playing the billiards tournament against the computer (sadly admitting that I don't always win). When I am tired of grinding through some of my other games, I put in Super Monkey Ball and let the extra games take over. Without the extra games, this would just be a brief rental. But the simple fun of bowling, hang-gliding, and smashing your friends off of the screen with a large spring-loaded boxing glove keeps me coming back for more.
3	B00005QDQ1	As a kid I played Super Monkey Ball 2 in which the main antagonist always spoke of revenge. I got the 1st on years later and it plays just the same. You control a monkey in a ball with the control stick and attempt to break the ribbon between to goal posts within 60 seconds (30 for some levels). I was disappointed by the lack of story. I will never know why Dr. Bad-Boon wanted revenge. Oh well it's still a good game.The main game consists of 3D platforming quite literally as you have to navigate 3D platforms suspended in air while trying not to fall off. The party games are pretty simple. There is racing, Billiards, Flight, and others. They have slightly different play controls, and are really fun to play with friends.
3	B00005QDQ1	I got this game for the kids but before I knew it I was addicted too!!  What a great original concept.  Kids will really love the fun that the characters and levels bring out.  Multi-player is a must and my kids were always laughing like crazy at the racing action between each other.  There are several various types of levels and other levels you can only get to by beating levels.  Racing, battling, bouncing, flying, its all there and more!! A great addition to the Gamecube, especially if you have kids!!
3	B00005QDQ1	I bought the GC as a family machine, so this game was a natural choice.  I was surprised how much fun my wife and I had with it, if we both like a game it must be well rounded.  The Mazes are very addictive.  With the many games included, there is something for everyone.  I can't wait until my kids are old enough to play this one!
3	B00005QDQ1	Super Monkey Ball is a nontraditional game.  The basic concept has no plot and it bears resemblance to the pinball madness games that older gamers might remember from the past.  For those who are unfamiliar with older games of this type, the idea is to tilt the stage with the joystick and maneuver a monkey in a ball (hence the name) and reach the goal.  The idea seems very simple at first, and it is, however when you try the 'expert' levels, you will realize just how hard this game is.  The game is easy to pick up and hard to put down...you will not finish it quickly.One of the major pluses of Super Monkey Ball is the multiplayer mode.  Three starting games are present, in which you have the ability to 'monkey fight' which is where you try to push another monkey off of the stage using a punching glove and extras in an arena, very similar to 'Bumper Ball' in the Mario Party games.  Also, there is Monkey Target in which you try to land a monkey ball on stages to receive points.  Complimented finally by Monkey race, in which a mariokart-ish engine is used, with only three tracks.  Also, the bonuses in the game which are earned by doing well in the main game are fun as well.  Monkey Billiards (Pool), Monkey Bowling, and Monkey Golf (Putt-Putt).  Overall, the multiplayer is a very enjoyable experience.Music is good, and it doesn't inhibit the gameplay...Graphics are decent, and don't take advantage of the gamecube's abilities, but they aren't going to make you turn your head the other way or break any mirrors.  Also, the Controls are very easy to pick up.  The joystick is the only thing used in the main game...Overall, I'd give this game 5 stars, and it is a must for the serious gamecube gamer!
3	B00005QEFD	I have all 4 Systems (Dreamcast, Xbox, PS2, Gamecube [and yea, i put Dreamcast on this, cause its just as good] ) and id have to say the Gamecube is the best.It has virtually no loading time, smooth graphics, and great games....although there arent many games to choose from. It has some great titles for tots and teens alike.and its super durable (im on my 3rd PS2 system because they're cheaply built) ive had my Gamecube for 3years now, and it still works like new. I'd recommend it to anyone.and the best titles, for teens would be must-haves Metroid Prime 1 & 2, Resident Evil 4.For tots, anything in the way of Mario or sonic, like Super Mario: Sunshine and Luigi's Mansion. Sonic Mega Collection (Genisis Classics)Great System.
3	B00005QEFD	Anyone looking at getting a gamecube already knows what they need to know. If you've thought about it more than twice just do it, and bring it all back.
3	B00005QEFD	My Package came on time and on the first day of its estimated arrival. I bought my GameCube as a collectable in "Like New" condition from atyourservice05 and it came as seller described except there was a note when it arrived informing me they were unable to find the manual at the time and gave me a bonus game to keep and enjoy while they find and send it to me. The game console works well have had no problems in the two and a half weeks I've had it and have used it almost every day. It came with a Nintendo controller and a game plus the bonus game. My family and I are enjoying it a lot. I've had a good experience and I appreciate that, Thank you. I recommend these sellers; they give a very detailed description about the condition of the products they sell.
3	B00005QEFD	Nintendo has and always will be the best gaming system out there.  The Gamecube is no exception.  A compact gaming console.  Nintendo has decided to shrink it's size and buff up the games available.  Gamecube dosen't play DVD's the reason for this is because Nintendo wants to give you a gaming system not a DVD player.  Gamecube started out with only a couple of games and I must admit I even started to doubt Nintendo, but I gave them a little time and thats all they needed.  The long anticipated coming of Resident Evil to Gamecube was great and they haven't stopped yet.  Game speed has not been reduced any which is what I have been seeing in the other new gaming systems.  It goes to show you Nintendo can grow with the times without slowing gaming down.
3	B00005QEFD	The Nintendo Gamecube, as a system, is better than PS2, and can almost match X-Box, but the games may be limited, unless you have a good open mind.  Many people say &quot;the games are too childish&quot;, sure, I can understand that.  But that doesn't mean even game is kiddy junk like Super Monkey Ball.  Just check out Metroid Prime, Rogue Squadron II (and Rebel Strike), Super Smash Brothers: Melee, and Enternal Darkness, all great games.  Sure, some games may be the cheesiest things ever, but most of the GCN's games are classics.  NOTE: Lay off Zelda: Wind Waker, that is a very good game being turned into a kiddie game...not a good choice to buy it.
3	B00005QEFD	I bought the Nintendo GameCube console because of the previous console Nintendo 64.The PlayStation and the Xbox are good consoles but I had to go with the GameCube. It would be pretty difficult to live up to the Nintendo 64 but the GameCube did a good job.Well right off the bat, the console is smaller and takes up less room, and instead of a Cartridge the GameCube uses a disc. (There smaller than DVD's) I guess I am a gamer of the past but I like using Cartridge's better, I feel like they are more durable than discs. Also, there are two memory card slots and four controller slots all built in to the console.Moving on to controllers, they mastered two things, the joystick and the rumble pack. The joystick for the Nintendo 64 wear out easily and they're rough on the hands, (they gave me blisters) now they're much easier to use and they don't wear out as easily. Also, instead of a bulky rumble pack to go on to the controller, now it's built into it making it lighter. I loved the Nintendo 64 controller for its unique design and I was a little disappointed that the GameCube's design is more like a regular controller but over all they did a good job.Nintendo 64's memory could be great than terrible. Some games didn't need memory cards because they had built in memory, and then sometimes one game could take up a whole memory card. The GameCube made this simple. There are three memory cards sizes, 59 blocks, 251 blocks and 1019 blocks. Each game takes up a certain amount of blocks, for example, Super Mario Sunshine only takes up 9 blocks and that's a pretty big game. So you get a lot of room on one memory card which means you will be spending a lot less money on memory cards.Most importantly the games, there are 640 games on the GameCube so there are plenty to choose from and most of them are family friendly games. The PlayStation 2 and Xbox may have more games but most of them are not all that great. GameCube has a lot of great franchises and tons of the same games the PlayStation 2 and Xbox have anyways.Here's my take on GameCube's graphics. The bars have been raised and the GameCube's graphics have definitely improved. Improved 3D backgrounds and smoother characters make it a good console to get.One more thing this is a pretty cheap console and most family's can afford it and you get so many fun games so it's worth the price. I love Nintendo and the Nintendo GameCube does not disappoint so why not pick one up.
3	B00005QEFD	After years of our beloved cartridges the big N finally switched to discs.Not full sized Cd's like Playstation or X Box but little itty bitty cd's.The Gamecube......so cute, so little, so quiet.So many awesome games I don't know where to begin.Mario.Eternal Darkness.The Prince of Persia series.Zelda.There we just SO MANY incredible games.A must have for retro games, thankfully my Wii plays my old cube games or I'd be totally bummin'.Highest recommendations for another Nintendo winner.
3	B00005QEFD	The Gamecube may seem like a little kid's console at first, but after checking out the selection of games and by playing a few myself, I have realized that it is not.The graphics are nice on every game I've seen so far.  They rival the PS2, though I'm afraid I can't say anything on the XBox, as I don't own it.  Gameplay is very smooth.  There are no ridiculous delays or long load times.  The controller is also quite comfortable, though the analogs are very sensitive.  The Gamecube also has a handle and is small (perfect for vacations!)The Gamecube also has a variety of games, from Super Smash Bros. to Zelda to Lost Kingdoms.  This definitely isn't just for little kids; I know that little kids normally don't play Resident Evil.  It doesn't have as much variety as the PS2, but there is still a good enough variety to make it worth buying.Sadly, you can't convert games from previous Nintendos into this one (as usual).  I also haven't found a use for all four control slots (perhaps it is for games I have no interest in).  Still, the Gamecube is a nice console that so fars seems very nice in many areas.
3	B00005QEFD	Well, I am a self-proclaimed Nintendo fanatic, but how can anyone pass up on such a cool videogame system?  There are tons of games to attract a multitude of gaming tastes. Everything from simple games for kids to role playing games, action adventure, sports and first person shooters. Add into that mix the unsurpassed franchises Nintendo supports that rarely fail to rock the videogaming industry to it's foundation and you've got the hardware that's designed from the ground up to take you into the next level of gaming.But Nintendo doesn't stop there. With this gaming machine you can add adapters for online play (broadband or dial up) and connect your Game Boy Advance (GBA) to it for trading gaming information between the two devices, opening up hidden ares and expanding your gaming experience. Soon, you'll even be able to play your GBA games on your TV through your GameCube with the Game Boy Player!The Nintendo GameCube is quite simply a gaming powerhouse! Expanding our ideas of what videogames can do and where they can take us. Join the fun! Don't miss the ride of a lifetime!
3	B00005QEFD	the gamecube dosent have a lot of good games but there are good games coming for it. Like Resident Evil 4 and super smash bros.This is for hardcore nintendo fans. If you are not a nintendo fan, start with the 64 than this.
3	B00005QEFD	Awsome loved it came with free games cool controller recommend to anyone and it's AWSOME and you can Cary it with its handle(:
3	B00005QEFD	Game Cube is an old Nintendo System - but there are a ton of really cool games that my kids love to play. I got this used - not sure which vendor - but Amazon fulfilled the order. It came very quickly with everything that was advertised with it and worked great. I am very happy with this purchase and will continue to build my GameCube game library - some games are as cheap as 1.99 and they are super fun to play - now that's a bargain!
3	B00005QEFD	Please know that I love Nintendo, and have owned all of their major systems.  GameCube was the first of this generation of systems that I bought (I now own a PS2 and an XBox).  I love Nintendo games, so I am happy with it.  If I had to choose only one system, this would not be it.Pros:* Nintendo's own games (e.g. Legend of Zelda, Super Smash Bros. Melee, Metroid, Paper Mario) are some of the best in the industry.* The graphics and audio power of this unit are amazing.* The system is very portable, complete with a handle for carrying.* The controller is very ergonomic and easy to use.Cons:* Many major titles have not been brought to GameCube, even if they are on XBox AND PS2.* The system requires that you purchase memory cards, and a hard drive is not available.* Online gaming is not available (I think there might be one game), and is not encouraged by Nintendo.
3	B00005QEFD	On design and looks alone, the GameCube may have been one of the greatest consoles ever. Small and yet powerful it was and is. So easy to unplug and carry over to your friends house in one hand! (on a side note, great weapon if need be) Everything about this console is nostalgic and satisfying. Just turning it on is pretty awesome. The graphics were some of the best of the time. Unlike the Xbox and PlayStation 2 at the time, which had more of a gritty look, this baby had more of a smooth feel. And it lasts forever. Mine has never had a problem. Jet Black was always my preference.
3	B00005QEFD	"PS2 is the best!" "Gamecube sucks!" "XBox rules!" If you've read the reviews for any of these three systems, it's the same thing over and over. Let me ask a question. How many of you have actually played/owned a Gamecube and did NOT like it? My guess is not many. Don't get me wrong Playstation 2 and XBox are both wonderful systems and are worth purchasing. If you only have money for one however, I would choose the Gamecube, and here's why:Let me first start by saying it IS the cheapest of the three systems, but that doesn't mean it sacrifices anything in quality. What it means is that it can't play DVD's, doesn't have a hard drive, and cannot basically run your life for you! What it is a compact, diverse, and just plain fun system!The graphics are wonderful. (and only cartoony in cartoon-like games) They are better than PS2 (not bad but this is better) and fall just a hair short of the XBox.Loading times are basically nonexistent on all but just a few games and those load very quickly. That is a huge advantage over their two competitors.I feel that they have the most diverse selection of games out of the 3 systems. They have Zelda, Mario, and Metroid Prime 1&2 to name a few, but they also have excellent third party games such as Madden, NBA Live, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, WWE: Day of Reckoning, and countless others. For you mature gamers you have Eternal Darkness, Resident Evil, Mortal Kombat, etc. So everyone get this myth out of your head, THIS IS NOT A KID'S SYSTEM! Sure it has games tailored to kids but it has plenty to keep older gamers coming back for more.I think the Gamecube controller is excellent. It is a bit different but you will find that the button scheme works well on all but just a couple of games. It works about as well as the PS2 controller, and we won't even discuss the mammoth XBox controller.The only real drawback is the lack of online play, but that isn't particularly devastating. The fact that there are four controller ports (as opposed to just 2 on the other systems) and several addictive four player games more than makes up for that. If, however, you really enjoy playing online PS2 would be the way to go.Just to wrap up, I think the Gamecube is an excellent system to purchase, although I would still recommend PS2 and XBox as well. What I don't want to see are people that have never played the NGC spouting that it sucks, because people depend on these reviews to make an important decision and I feel it is an injustice to comment on something for which you have little knowledge about. The Gamecube is a wonderful system and definitely worth your $99!
3	B00005QEFD	Its the gamecube. While technically it didn't sell particularly great it has tons of awesome games and was probably my favorite system when I was kid, worth every penny.
3	B00005QEFD	I really don't know where to start, this is by far the best system and hard to say its best quality. I guess it's the age range. So many people say it's too much of a kiddy system, but it's NOT. It has games for everyone, Horror, Adventure, Platformers, RPGs, every kind of game you can imagine, thogh only 2 online titles. And if you get the Gameboy Player, you can play more than 1,500 Games on Your Gamecube!Plus it has games you can't get anywhere else, like Star Fox Adventures, Metroid Prime, Super Smash Bros. Melee, Super Mario Sunshine, F-Zero GX, and THE LEGEND OF ZELDA!Now, onto the graphics.Most Third Party developers don't seem to put much effort into the graphics, but Nintendo exclusives are amazing, take for example, F-Zero GX, 30 racers can be on screen at ounce! Or The Legend  Of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures (soon to be released) Sure, it's a top down (like the old-school zeldas, but they were the best) adventure/rpg, but if you like cel shading nintendo is the system to get, plus 28 enemies at ounce, wow.Now, compare it to PS2 (Just so you know i'm not trashing playstation 2 just cuase i have gamecube, my little brother has a ps2 and i love it). Ps2 has a lot of good games as far as graphics go, and plays dvds, and has a good controller, but,Gamecube has better quality games. And the controller is the most comfortable ever, it fits my hands perfectly, and I promise whether you have big or small hands it will yours too.Now, X Box. Games for all of the systems always look best on X Box, but it does'nt have any really good exclusive games. The X box has the best graphics, but the WORST controller. It's huge. And hard to get used to.Plus Gamecube has alot of game that can connect to GameBoy Advance Games. Like Metroid Prime, if you beat the GBA metroid fusion and connect it to metroid prime (with the gcn to gba cable) you can play the entire original Metroid, and save it to your gamecube memory card.Overall, Gamecube is the best system, with the best games, and the best controller. And I almost forgot, the best price. It Only costs $100 now, this is a must buy.
3	B00005QEFD	I own an Xbox and have owned every system since atari and this is certainly one of the best.  For anybody who already has a dvd player this is the system for you.  It is compact and has great graphic capabilities.  My Xbox is in the garage now due to the fact this one fits better and I have a dvd player on my home theater system.  The only system with Resident Evil Zero and RE4 is coming out.  Also with Games like Mario Cart double dash and Star Wars Rogue leader 3 exclusively coming out on the cube...NOW is the time to buy it at a great low price!!!!
3	B00005QEFD	The Gamecube is one of the best systems i own with the xbox ..it got Really Cool Games and it is a Great system.Some Say The Gamecube is for kids ... but its not because it got games not good for kids like Resident Evil ... or some say the game cube is not a good system..and let me remind you that the Gamecube is based on one simple goal and that is to create the Perfect Game system.The Gamecube got a unique design to its ground breaking games, and as you see the Nintendo Gamecube is Diffrent from other systems.  and sure it doesn't play DVD's Music or Video Because it forcuses on the GAMES ONLY.and Nintendo Gamecube got lots of Exclusive Games than other systems (ps2 & xbox) like: Super Mario Sunshine, Luigis Mansion, The legend of Zelda, Star Fox Adventure, Metroid Prime, Sonic Adventure Battle2 .... and also The Gamecube got its Exclusive Characters like: Mario, Metroid, Zelda, Peach, Luigi, pokemon, Fox, Kirby and now Sonic and more available on Nintendo Consoles.and lets Face it .. Nintendo Delivers the Games that you want to play.The Disk: this is the first Nintendo System that plays disks and The Disk Is Even Diffrent from the other Systems... the Gamcubes Game Disk holds an incredible 1.5 Gigabytes of Information, and ot had a diameter of only three inches . So its Really Small from a normal Disk.The Controller: it is One of the Good Controllers i touched.. the Controller Provides the crucial connection between the player and the game .So if you are thinking to buy a Videogame.. Go for Gamecube or xbox and not ps2 Because it is Getting old and Weak .If You Are going to buy ur First Game it HAVE to be Super Mario SunShine "The Greatest Marios Adventure" or Luigis Mansion " a totally Fun Game" .And if You Think Gamecube is going to Die ... well its not Because Nintendo Been Around For a long Time .. From Nintendo Nes.. The Nintendo 64 And Now The Gamecube.
3	B00005QEFD	The latter half of my childhood is filled with memories from playing on this system, I just had to buy another to let the nostalgia train continue to ride. Even though it was bought used it performs just as well as new. If you grew up with this console like I did it's a must have.
3	B00005QEFD	Will everybody just shut up about which one is best.  It's driving me looney.  Personally I like all of them the best.  But for now I'm deciding to get a GC.  Ok first of all, all the systems have great graphics and all of them have great games.  Even though I like the GC controller best other people might think I'm crazy.To narrow it down X-BOX has graphics PS2 has games and GC has experience.  So I think they should just combine all three systems into one and be able to use any systems controller.
3	B00005QEFD	Nintendo did it again! When the original Nintendo was revolutionary when it came out. Then Super NES came out, then N64. Now Gamecube! I know there is Xbox and PS2. Xbox overheats and freezes up, and its Microsofts first gameconsole.  PS2 can Play DVDs and CDs but computers can play CDs and if you can install a comp DVD player for that.  If you have a PS1 and have tons of games for that you can buy a PS2 and play the games there too. but Gamecube is really easy to use and has tons of features. if you had a PS1 and you liked their controllers better buy an adapter. Game cube is also better for your money if you are not extremely rich. WARNING: do not buy pikmin as your only game. The game ends way to quickly, especially if your short on money and can't but a new game for a while
3	B00005QEFD	As you notice the Title --it is the best GAME system of all,even though no internet,blueray,dvd player.Why? because though a older system the games are as good as games on wii,xbox360.It is a tougher system &#60;great for younger kids&#62;the controls are set up better than any other today and the price online is way cheaper than any other!!.I had this system before and missed it enough to get again years later!I've owned or played just about all systems out there today and past from Atari to xbox360  and in my personal view this is the best GAMECONSOLE
3	B00005QEFD	Listen all you people, gamecube rox, at least to me! but i would say that it isnt for more of the serious hardcore gamer but more for 8-15 year olds wanting to have fun. Theyre may be a few great hardcore games that take forever to accomplish, such as metroid prime, resident evil, mystic heroes, and many others. But even though it is build for kids/teens/young adults, it doesnt mean that yunger or older ppl wont have fun with it. Animal crossing, monkey ball, etc, will keep you amused for hours. It is also the best multiplayer system, GC IS ONLY BASED ON THE GAMES!!!!!! not a cheap CD player or mp3s... XBOX is only concerned for the money. YOu can get at least 90% of their games on the computer. Theyres only one good game: halo. With all those features I am surprised that it costs that little for all those amazing features. but i know why! They want to keep their price near the PS2 or lower to keep selling it. They figure it wont buy if they put it for the normal price that allt he features is worth: around 500-600$. And this is useless if u have a computer.PS2, PS2, PS2 is a good system, looks cool, has a DvD player, and tons of good games. But the problem is the quality of the games: theyre may be hundreds, but not many of them are good. theyve lost the creativity in their games. its too original its too predictable. it has some amazing rpgs, but dont expect it to come out with better games that it already has. Now, Sony is to speakers and Microsoft is to computers and Nintendo is to Video Games. To me, it seems like Sony and Microsoft have no idea about games and want the money. They already have a business to focus on and they arent completely focused on their games. Sony and Microsoft have only began to produce games recently, while NIntendo's 15 years has ONLY been focused on their GAMES NOT CD PLAYERS. GO with gamecube if u just want the games. BUt if u want a few features and not as good games, go with PS2 or XBOX
3	B00005QEFD	After seeing the Nintendo 64, I thought Nintendo would go the way of the warrior, but they redeemed themeselves with this system!  The sound and graphics are great, the controller is very comfortable, and they're getting a good library of games.  Adding a GameBoy Player makes it all the better!  And you can't beat the price ($99)!
3	B00005QEFD	I have all the major game consoles but I love my GameCube the most, by far.  The games -- from Zelda to Mario to Resident Evil -- are just fantastic.  Plus you can get a Gameboy Player add-on for $40 (street price) and play Gameboy Advance games on this.  I love the Gamecube controller, too.  I just have so much more fun on this console on the others.  I'll buy the next-gen console from Nintendo when it comes out later this year.
3	B00005QEFD	To this day people have been saying misinformative statements about the GameCube.  I will say that it's awesome, show where opposers are wrong, and criticize them for it, in my rebuttals.Statement:  the lamecube is a kiddie system!!1Rebuttal:  First of all, that's an opinion, which is rather flawed I'll say.  Let's not forget about all the Resident Evil games and all the games that are rated T, Metroid Prime 1 & 2, Super Smash Bros, Star Wars games, Final Fantasy CC, WWE Day of Reckoning etc. to name a few EXCLUSIVES, not including other teen games that are out for all the other systems.  It seems that people who make this comment would buy any game just because it's rated M, has blood in it, or is not Pikmin.  Oh no!! Can't ruin my beautiful image...Statements:  The GC has the wrost graphics.Rebuttal:  No it doesn't.  It has better graphics than the PS2.  In fact, it can generate graphics better than the Xbox, but it depends on the game your playing, you 'tards.  Not that it even matters, the graphics for all the systems are pretty much the same.Statements:  The GC does not have online capabilities, and therefore sucks.Rebuttal:  It does have online capabilities, but I will admit, you can only go online with probably less than a handfull of games.  But that alone does not make it a bad system.  If there were online gaming for most games, the single player mode wouldn't be as good as it is because much more emphasis would be put on the multiplayer mode.  Take for example Halo 2, very fun and addicting to play online, but campaign sucks.  Also, some people might not want to pay to go online.  If you had a lot of friends and a couple of extra controllers, this wouldn't be a problem you losers.  (Nintendo's next game console will have plenty of online gaming, which I think is coming out this year, so stop whining.)Statement:  the gc loads the slowestRebuttal:  Yes, and snails move at the speed of light.  This statement is just rediculous.  In other words, needs no rebuttal.These are not misinformative but are worth mentioning:Statement:  The GC can't play DVDs and CDs.Rebuttal:  So?  It's a game system, it's supposed to play games, not other discs you feel like playing.  I don't know why but people seem to confuse game systems with DVD players these days.  Why would you even want to watch a movie on game systems?  It's not like that they have progressive scanning or things like that.  You can find DVD players with the same features (or lack thereof) for about 40 dollars.  Go buy a good DVD player instead of settling with one your game system has, you poor [...].Statement:  The GC is not really a cube.Rebuttal:  No, it isn't, but who cares?  Not me.  And if you do, you have too much time on your hands.The GameCube is the smallest, fastest, has the most playable games (ie, rated E), and has the most enjoyable games, no matter what your age or preference, and thus is the best.
3	B00005QEFD	I totally love the Gamecube. The graphics are great, the games are cheap compared to the PS2/X-Box counterparts. But I am quite annoyed that all the games are kids games. There are no GTAs or Manhunts or adult games at all for this console. And I hate the noise the fan makes. Nintendo could have designed it to shut up. If you turn it on its side the noise goes away. But make sure it sits on something to make room for the fan to breathe.People moan because it won't play DVDs or CDs. But the disc are minidiscs to crack down on piracy and bootlegging. It's a helluva lot harder to copy a minidisc to another minidisc. It also makes the console FULLY devoted to playing games. It IS called the Gamecube after all.
3	B00005QEFD	In my opinion, GC is a better system than XBox and Dreamcast. I got the system so I could play the Resident Evil remake and Resident Evil 0, which remain GC exclusives. RE4 came out on GC 9 months prior to the PS2 version, another good reason to get this platform. Also, Mortal Kombat Deception on GC contains 2 more fighters than the PS2 version, yet another reason to get this system. The controller is very ergonomic and PS2-like. The only drawback is you can't play cd's or dvd's on it. But the mini-discs are pretty awesome.
3	B00005QEFD	The gamecube is a great console,the best system from nintendo its got great graphics the controlers there pretty much like the xbox.I bout a used game cube and it was about 3 years old and it fell off my tv and it doesn't work anymore but thats my fault.I got another one but new.I also have a ps2 and find it kind of hard to choose wich system to turn on when I get bored,but the reason i bout the gamecube is because of the cordless controlers and some of the realy good games that are only for the gamecube and i realy like jet black so this is the system i bout i realy thank that they could keep up with xbox and playstation.well the gamecube is great anyway so yea you should buy it.maybe they will make a gamecube 2?
3	B00005QEFD	Sales of the Nintendo Game Cube are pretty decent and it has popular games. I think the reason Nintendo will always stay around as a seperate company is because it has 2 systems that are selling pretty well.I read in Rolling Stone that the biggest and most popular system of all was Game Boy. Now with no competition in the handheld game world and sales of Super Mario games on it and the fact of it being a little less than a hundred dollars it probably is a given that the Game Boy Advance is probably the best selling system of all. And that means that Nintendo has enough money and sales that they will keep on working as a seperate company from PS2 and X Box for years to come.Personally I think the Game Cube is probably the best next generation system out with great games like Sonic Adventure 2,Namco Museum,Pac Man World 2,Super Monkey Ball 1 and 2, Resident Evil, Resident Evil Zero,Spyro, Super Mario Sunshine,Luigis Mansion, Super Smash Bros Melee, etc.
3	B00005QEFD	I have had many game systems over the years, while the Super NES will always be on the top of my list of best console ever. The GameCube is not all that far behind. Nintendo has games that are the best developed/designed/Mascots/etc. and that is something Sony and Microsoft can't claim. I own both the PS2 and Xbox as well, but on days I don't know what I want to play I find myself playing Nintendo games like Mario, Zelda, Metroid, Donkey Kong...(The list goes on and on). The GameCube is an excellent second console if you already own one of the others. Nintendo made the GameCube to be powerful but inexpensive, [money amount]cheaper than the other two. Don't be fooled by FanBoys out there that will tell you the cube is for kids, it has the horsepower to keep up with the PS2 and is close with the Xbox. The controllers are awsome!, I hate my Xbox controllers and Sony does come close but I find it has too many buttons. Also Microsoft does not make a Wireless controller. Nor does Sony; yes you can pick one up third party. But the WaveBird rocks and it is made by the big N!!! Yes the GameCube might not look like the coolest thing (Hello, Purple???) or have a DVD player installed, but it can play games and does it GREAT!!! Also don't miss playing the 2002 Game of the Year, Metroid Prime, because you can only play it on a 'Cube.
3	B00005QEFD	Nintendo had a lot riding on their follow up to the N64.  The cartridge-based system had not done well on the market and they had been severely overshadowed by the Sony Playstation.  Thankfully, Nintendo has ditched the cartridges and made developing for their system more &quot;programmer-friendly&quot;.  As a result, the Gamecube is a vastly better, thought flawed, system.The good news is if you get this system there will be a number of high-quality titles you can only get on the GameCube.  Metroid Prime, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind-Waker, and Eternal Darkness are just a few examples of the quality, and unprecedented variety, of Nintendo's titles.  There are two drawbacks, however, that will be holding Nintendo back in the current console race.  First, the lack of RPGs.  Most gamers remember the days when you could play the latest Final Fantasy or Dragon Warrior game only on Nintendo.  Sadly, this is no longer the case.  There are, currently, only a handful of RPG titles for the Gamecube.  Second, the lack of a stable online environment for play.  While the GameCube is expandable and can have dial-up and broadband adapters added, it lacks a community to rival XBox Live, which alienates avid sports and action gamers who want to compete online.All in all, if you like the single player experience, the GameCube is the superior choice.  If you are a hardcore RPG gamer or online gamer, you may want to look elsewhere.
3	B00005QEFD	Every thing came just as advertised. all the cables came in great, the connectors work great, the controller is new, the system works like a charm
3	B00005QEFD	The Nintendo GameCube is not all that it is cracked up to be.  As was the problem in earlier days with the laser-guided Genesis and PlayStation consoles, the GameCue is not totally reliable after some time goes by.  For me, that time amounted to 12 months - August 2004 to August 2005.  The console simply stopped working.When I contacted Nintendo of America (NOA), they said that there is no warranty for the piece - again, only 12 months out.  I had spent $150 for mine.  Their customerr service fix was for me to (A) keep the broken console and (B) buy a refurbished unit from them for $35 (I talked them down from $50).  The refurbshed unit I purchased lacked certain capabilities than my broken one, such as the networking capability.  (I wasn't going to use that feature anyway, but NOA told me that is why my original unit cost so much - added features.)So after a lot of bull crap, my Nintendo GameCube experience cost me a little under $200 for the hardware.  Worse is that the games turned out to be lame - Nintendo has forced some multiplayer games to require GameBoy Advances to be plugged in as controllers - another $150 each and even harder to use than a $25 controller; the only benefit is a worthless screen in the middle.My recommendation is to stay away from the Nintendo GameCube at all costs.  With all the mark-ups and add-on products, it is clear that the console is not worth the money you would pay for it.  Nintendo wants each of us to spend $500 on their console and a few games, which is ridiculous, especially given the faulty construction and lack of customer support.My recommendation is to stick with PC games.
3	B00005QEFD	Like a lot of others, I grew up with Nintendo.  Zelda, Metroid, Super Mario Bros, etc were all household words when I was a kid.  I stayed with them faithfully with each new system, including all the gameboy units.  A few years back I picked up a Sony PS2, and I'll admit, I began to drift away from Nintendo and all of their "kid games".  My son, who is 6, fell in love with all the good stuff Nintendo has to offer, and wanted a GameCube.  We picked up a bundle one day, and I was just as excited as he was to open up the box and plug the system in.  We were instantly hooked, and I quickly realized that Nintendo still has it after all these years.This is just a great little system.  Reminds me of a small car that blazes by you on the interstate--there is alot underneath the hood of a Gamecube.  The games are full of color and great sound, not to mention smooth action.  The system itself is pretty small and lightweight.  Also, load times are extremely short, something I wasn't used to with the PS2.  I have found myself buying games for the Gamecube that I would've normally bought on the PS2 simply b/c of the short load times.  We also picked up a wireless controller and that thing is insanely accurate.100 dollars is money well spent on this system.
3	B00005QEFD	I know the Gamecube wasn't the best selling console, but its games are awesome. The majority of the games made for Gamecube have awesome plots that keep gamers engaged. A great console that should have sold better than it did.
3	B00005QEFD	I got it used, but worked as if it were brand new. No malfunctioning or anything negative about the setup. It also shipped rather quickly.
3	B00005QEFD	This is another great system that Nintendo has brought us.  It has a great variety of games, and shows a lot of promise in the future.  Lets take a look:SystemIt's nice and small, can fit pretty much anywhere without trouble.  As the name indicates, GC is a cube, making the shape of it pretty novel.  There is a handle on the back of the system, so if you need to carry it around, you can, easily.  The PS2 is bigger, but is thin, so it's got the next best size, the X-BOX however, has a size problem.  It's pretty big, making it the worst, size-wize.  Graphical power comes at a price.MediaGamecube has the most novel media.  It takes 3" disks, rather than the traditional sized CDs that other systems take.  This makes it cooler than the others, because these disks are ridiculously small.  There fun to use, and give the GC an aesthetical advantage over other systems.GraphicsOver PS2, GC has pretty good graphics.  There is a nice framerate in all the games, and there's never really been a problem with good games, graphic-wise.  PS2 has very good graphics, but nowadays, I think that GC is beginning to get better graphics.  X-BOX will have better graphics for now.  It is the most powerful system out there, so they can pull off some pretty big graphics accomplishments.GamesGC has an overwhelming number of high-quality games, with many planned for the future.  Games like Mario: Sunshine, Metroid Prime, Super Smash Bros, Zelda: Wind Waker, and others have always had a mark of quality above other games.  Though GC may not have the widest selection, it's games are high quality.  PS2 and X-Box have more games, and a different type, but GC has always had a special brand of game.ControllerThe controller for GC is awesome.  It's a little small, but its easy to get to all the buttons, and even people with larger hands can use it.  PS2 has a good controller too, but its not as nice feeling as GC's.  X-Box controllers have always been huge, but now they've released a new, smaller controller I haven't used yet.OtherGC has internet capability, but it hasn't taken off yet, which is a shame.  It has four controller slots which is great, allowing for some good party action.ConsPeople tend to look at this as a 'kiddie' system, but with games like Resident Evil and Metroid Prime, that image is going down.  That image hasn't helped out GC in the older gamer market.
3	B00005QEFD	The Nintendo GameCube.  The first thing you'll probably say when you see this system is, "I didn't know it was that small!"  But please, don't pass this one by because of it's size.  This system is incredible, and the black color looks great.  Sure, it may not be the most powerful or have the most games (yet), but it sure is fun!I've had my GameCube since the day it came out, and I still play it nearly every day, if I get the chance.  The system is just so fun, and you would never think that cute little thing on the ground in front of your television would be capable of creating such a great time.I'll start with the controller.  This controller is the best ever.  It fits nearly perfect in any size hands, and it causes no pain at all to fingers (unless you have arthritis I guess) or hands.  There is now an enlarged "A" button for games where a single button is used often.  The "L" and "R" shoulder buttons now fit perfectly with your index fingers.  There is now a "C-stick" instead of the previous "C" buttons on the N64 controller.  It moves very smoothly.  There are easily accessible "X" and "Y" buttons on top of the "A" button.  The "Z" button has been moved beside the right trigger, and that is probably the single worst part about this controller.  Overall, the controller is excellent, with only one major flaw (the "Z" button).Next, the memory card.  This memory card is alright, but it doesn't really compare to its counterparts.  The XBOX has a hard drive, and the PS2 has a much larger card.  The standard Nintendo-brand memory card carries 59 blocks (hence the name Memory Card 59).  The average GameCube game can use from three to fifteen blocks, but some of the seasons on sports games can be pretty high, with blocks over the limit of the card.  This card definitely needs some improvement, but Nintendo is coming out with the Memory Card 251, with an improved archive of two hundred and fifty one blocks.Now, for what I consider the most important part of a system: the games.  I consider Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II to be the best game for this system at the time.  It combines the classic Star Wars movies with a whole new experience for a ton of fun.  Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is the next best game in my opinion for this system.  Whoever has played the Tony Hawk series in the past must have this game, and whoever has never played this one has to play it.  It is a skateboarding game, but not just any skateboarding game.  It is fun for all players, whether you like skateboarding or not.  The whole Resident Evil series has been and is currently in the process of being remade for the GameCube.  The original Resident Evil is already out, and I rank it the third best game for this system.  Many people have bought a GameCube simply for this game.  It has the best graphics EVER for any system I believe.  These are just three of MANY other great games for this system.  Other greats include Fifa 2002, Pikmin, Super Smash Bros. Melee, NBA Street, SSX Tricky, Super Monkey Ball, and Sega Soccer Slam.  There are many more great games for you to choose from, other than the ones I mentioned.Now, for all you techies like me, I'll give some specs for the system.  You don't have to read this part if you're bored already.  The GameCube uses a Custom IBM Power PC processor (Gekko).  The clock frequency is 485 MHz, and the pixel depth is 24-bit.  The System LSI is a Custom ATI ("Flipper"), and all the sound related functions are incorporated into it.  The real-world polygons (assuming everything is already textured, lit, etc.) are 6-12 million polygons per second.  The media that is used by the GameCube is a 3-inch mini disk that holds approximately 1.5 Gigabytes of data.  There are four controller ports, two memory card slots, two high-speed serial ports, one parallel high-speed port, one analog AV output port, and one digital AV output port.The Nintendo GameCube is an excellent system for all ages.  I would recommend it for anyone who is looking forward to having a good time with any kind of video games.  Whether you've been playing video games all your life, or you are completely new to them, the GameCube is a great system to have.  Nintendo's next-generation system has just received a "Mission Accomplished" in my book.  I hope this review could sway a few opinions about the system.  And no, I am not an XBOX or a PS2 basher.  I love both of those systems too.  Thanks for reading this review.Mark Williams
3	B00005QEFD	The Nintendo Gamecube is one of the better systems out there. It appeals (although its not thought of to appeal) to many ages and is a great system overall. The graphics are beautiful and crisp, the sound is clear and cut and the load times are fast and quick. the system also has LAN support and online gaming support. But dont let the features fool you though, for the Gamecube has great games. Games such as Resident Evil, The Legend of Zelda:The Windwaker, EA sports games, Resident Evil 0, Star Fox Adventures, Eternal Darkness, Metroid Prime and many many more. The system also has the best 1st party support making it a great place fo old classics like STar Fox, F-Zero, Metroid, Mario, and alot of other famous series'.I give it 4 stars because of no dvd playback or cd playback and because there is a lack of fine first person shooters.
3	B00005QEFD	by Chinese dragon 9/30/13I believe that a gamecube is a fast and excellent system. With my experience, using a handheld  game system is tiring,but using a gamecube controller makes up for it by its light weight controller. Sure they are a bit old, but they are actually quite fast and bugless.You might scoff at it at first, but it is a really excellent system. With a PS2 sure it's fast and has great graphics, except they have a lot of bugs that they don't tell you about. They also are not that durable either. With a gamecube no bugs, durable, and quite fast.Well basically, I got it as a hand me down which gave me the idea it was bad, except after a lot of gameplay I changed my idea of it. For those out there who are looking for a fast, cheap system, I recommend this one. I believe that a gamecube is a excellent system and I recommend that you try one too.
3	B00005QEFD	hi my name is Andrew Iam 13 I got a game cube for my 13th birthday and i love it. it comes with one controler and the stuff you need to plug it in. it does not come with a game unless you buy a value pack. the games have great graphics and they are discs. the discs are about 3 inches (they are the size of a mini disc.) the cube has 4 controler plugins and there is the on button the resetbutton and the open button, and that is where the disc goes. when you open it you push the disc down until you hear a small click. if the disc is not put in right or if there is no disk it will go to the menu. if you want to see other games I have reviewed click on the (see more about me) and if you have any questions for this or any thing I have revied e-mail me at...(there will be more reviews on game cube games and posibly some CDs) bye hoped my review was helpfull.
3	B00005QEFD	I bought this for my daughter and we were both very excited to play our first game.  Unfortunately we can't save the game because there is no memory card.  I assumed that it came with everything you needed.  Every other item I've ever purchased that requires a memory card came with one.  Oh well.  It's still wonderful to play and the graphics are great.  The game we're playing currently is Sponge Bob:  Battle For Bikini Bottom and my daughter loves when the controller vibrates when we smash the Tiki's!  One question...is it normal for the screen to have lines on it during louder sounds????
3	B00005QEFD	In the days of the overrated  wii, and snoozefest thats the  wii-u (where do they come up with these names anyway lol)  The Nintendo gamecube still stands tall and is one of the best.. if your a retro gamer like me  you  know what im talking about...sure, it might look like a  little system  but it has POWER..the gamecube has a fast  processor that delivers amazing graphics (some that put the 2 wii systems  to shame)..for example,  whenever i play the gamecube metroid or  any of the star wars: rogue squadron games..i still go wow.. because the detail is amazing..the gameplay is always fast and fluid..  its games like these that show off what the gamecube can do.  the system also has a port where you can hook up your game boy advance games(via converter)  which also adds extra value.now, in my opinion..this is the last great system nintendo produced..why ? you might ask..its because the gamecube didnt have to rely on a gimmicky controller like the wii, wii-u..the controller on the gamecube  works and is effective and thats all you need.. no weird motion thingy or a wannabe ipad interface here ....bottom line, its all about the games plain and simple... sometimes people tend to forget that and just focus on the hardware..  the gamecube didnt dissapoint. sure,  ive played the wii and wii-u and , lets be honest  they sure dont feel like nintendo..even in 2013 the gamecube is still one of my favorite systems from the big "N" ..it ranks up there with the Nes,Snes, N64..to me these are the REAL nintendo systems..and when you say "im playing nintendo"..this is what comes to mind.the fanboys might get ticked and start trolling with their negative comments and thats fine..because they have nothing better to do... (see my wii-u review for what i mean ..i laugh and laugh )
3	B00005QEFD	When Nintendo came out with this little purple (or black, or platinum) box called the Gamecube, most people's first thoughts were of how small it was, how odd the controller looks, and how kiddie the games are.  This led to people thinking it was a bad system, and even as far as to say it didn't belong in the class of the XBOX and PS2.  Well, people mis-judged, as this tiny little machine out-does in almost every category the PS2, and in some aspects, the XBOX.1. The system: The GC is easily better than the DC or the PS2 for these 3 simple reasons.  1) It's small, compact, and yet twice as powerful as either of the other 2.  This little cube has enough graphics power to dish out beautiful, splashing water, sharp fighting details, sweat dripping from athletes faces, and fiery eruptions that will make u put your hands over your eyes.  This thing can bring a convincing world to your screen, and is highly reccomended for anyone buying a game system for kids younger than 8, and even those of 8-14.  "Why?" is this not reccomended for adults.  It's not that it isn't a good system, or that it doesn't have good games.1) The games are aimed at kids, not adults.  Ok, sure, any Mario game or Donkey Kong adventure can entertain an adult for a few hours.  But it just looses interest, as the computer AI isn't very good, the riddles aren't very challenging, and the skill required to beat them isn't going to make you work very hard.  Most adults also don't like the controller (which I'll get to more detail in a minute), which is quite small and cramped in many areas for adults, and just looks a bit...odd for those hardcore HALO, GTA, or even all those great sports titles.  This system is aimed at kids.2) Capabilties: This system is great for setting up in the car for a long trip accross the country, or even state to state, but it doesn't do much else but play those kid games.  The memory units are extremely small compared to the massive XBOX hard disk and PS2 Memory Card, so you'll often find yourself buying more memory units then games.  That's NO fun!  This system also has no way to play DVD's, play music, and can't be cleaned or fixed when the drive brakes (the CD drive can't contain CD cleaners, and can't be replaced with a regular DVD tray like the PS2 and XBOX).  The size of CD's can also be a problem, as many adults can't even fit their finger through the little circle in the middle, or could loose them quite easily.  It hasn't been the case for me, but I have rather small hands (still only 16).2. Games: This system has a ton of great games...aimed at kids.  If your an adult looking for a little gore, smart, fast computer AI, or even the casual sports title to build a franchise through, the GC is NOT FOR U!  The major games are for the most part the Mario's, Zeldas, Donkey Kong's, Star Foxx, etc...all cartoons.  You won't find the HALO's, GTA's, SOCOM: Navy Seals, or even games like Splinter Cell (nor the controller to use them).  If u want ALL of your games to be Mario-like (nothing wrong with that), this system is ok.  But for the more hard-core gamer like me, an XBOX, or even a PS2, would be a better choice.3) Controller: For games like Pikmin, perfect.  Huge buttons, small joy sticks, springy trigger buttons.  It's perfect!  But for sport's games like those that I love, HALO, Splinter Cell, games like that, the controller is awful.  It just doesn't work.  Notice that SEGA pulled all of their 2k sports titles as no one with a CUBE bought them.  If u look at the top 10 selling GC titles, you won't find a shooter (except maybe Metroid Prime by Nintendo).  This system, or controller, just doesn't work for these games.  On the other hand; for games like Mario, Melee, Zelda, Pikmin, Animal Crossing, etc...it's the best EVER MADE! And if you've got lots of money to spend, and don't mind owning a system just for one type of game, then the GC will do just fine.  But for someone with a low budget and wanting a little bit of Sports, RPG, some Shooters, Stealth, and even Mario-like games (Blinx, Crash Bandicoot), the XBOX was for me (also a DVD play and CD player, GC doesn't support).4) Online Plan: None!  It has a 56K adapter and works on broadband, but nothing like XBOX Live or even the PS2's online network.  No headset, no stat tracking, no buddy list, and not a very big list of games.  No real plan, it just seems to be there.  If u want to be left behind without the online gameplay of the future, I guess the GC will do fine.  But I am a gamer who loves playing other games like me, keeping stat track, trash talking, and enjoying good competition besides my little sister or next door neighbor.  The GC didn't suppport that!  "Why?"  I don't know.Overall, the GC is great for kids, and good for the casual gamer.  But for someone who is A) Low on money and would like a DVD player too!, B) Wants a controller and system that works with shooters and Sports, and C) Want's a few M titles in his collection, the GC was NOT for me.  This system will satisfy those looking for a system for kids, a second system, or even a first if they have a great PC.  But I needed more, and the GC didn't have it!Still a great system with great games, and is very reliable, I'd reccomend the system to anyone who can live with the above problems!Thx!
3	B00005QEFD	Out of PS2, Xbox, and Game Cube, the Game Cube wins hands down.  The ease of adapting to the system after playing Nintendo and N64 is great.  There are plenty of games out there for the system.  So what if it doesn't play DVD's most people already have a DVD Player.  I would give the Game Cube two thumbs up.
3	B00005QEFD	Nintendo continues to get the job done in spectacular fashion when it comes to gaming.  Despite continuing hype and alleged superiority of Playstation (1 and 2) and X-box (not to mention the various Sega systems in the past), Nintendo continues to outshine the competition.  Beginning with Super NES in the early 90's, Nintendo matched competing game systems in graphics capability and exceeded them when it came to quality of game titles.  GameCube is just the latest in that long line Nintendo products that takes all comers and disposes of them with frightening ease.  The key to Nintendo's continued success is the lessons learned from its first-generation platform, the Nintendo Entertainment System.  While there were a number of excellent titles for the system, there was no quality control on who could make games for the system or what was required for the games to be allowed on the system.  As a result, there were a large number of horribly inferior titles made by 3rd-party software companies.  These games were confusing, difficult to play, and ultimately very unsatisfying.  Nintendo cracked down on this and established very specific rules and guidelines to be followed for titles made for their subsequent systems.  As a result, the number of inferior titles shrunk to almost nil (some are always going to get through, it's just a fact of the business).  Already, GameCube has a set of games (released at launch or with the Christmas rush) that have all met critical and consumer success.  While the number of titles currently available are less in number than Playstation 2 (which admittedly has a year head start) and X-Box, they are of higher quality.  Playstation is still trying learn about quality control of game titles.  PS 2's selection is better than some of awful games that made it to PS 1, but it still has a long way to go.  X-Box simply comes across as a system that just wanted to rush out as many games as possible in time for launch, without really considering their quality.  Witness X-box's less than stellar sales record and critical and consumer drubbing of most of its titles.  GameCube's graphics are equal (if not superior) to the graphics of the competing systems.  While the Cube may not have some of the bells and whistle's trappings of a DVD player like the other systems, it's not held back by that.  With DVD player prices dropping like rocks, a person can get a decent one [inexpensively] these days.  No reason to pay [a lot more] for a game system that has that capability.  For pure gaming pleasure, GameCube is the king.  I continue to look forward to the new titles Nintendo will release (I'm sooooooo looking forward the Metroid sequel) while enjoying those games which are currently in release.  Nintendo continues to get the job done.
3	B00005QEFD	Gamecube is totally a great system. Personally I guess that I can see that PS2 is a little better in the graphics area, but not a whole lot. I like that Gamecube loads incredibly fast and that they have some of the best games out there like Mario, Mario Kart, and Metroid and Starfox. If you have a PS2 or Xbox, already, I suggest that you pick up a gamecube, I mean the price is right and it's a fabulous system! I personally can say that I play mine just as much as I play my PS2.
3	B00005QEFD	nintendo's gamecube is more powerful than the playstation 2, and more affordable than the x-box, and yet it has sold far fewer than both. i, for one, believe it to be the best of the three (and i own them all).first, sony and microsoft just can't touch nintendo's first-party games: super mario sunshine, the legend of zelda, metroid prime, pikmin, super smash brothers, etc.and secondly, while the gamecube boasts only a handful of great third-party titles, with the recently-released gameboy player, the gamecube's game list soars to over 1500. which means you can now play almost every "zelda" and "super mario brothers" game ever released.the gamecube is an excellent system, more affordable and powerful than the playstation and with more and better games than the x-box. definately the best of the three.
3	B00005QEFD	The GameCube is a very good platform. It is affordable, small and has a lot of games catering to families and younger kids. This is not to demean it! If we had to pick only one console, the GameCube would be the one to keep.For accessories, it does not have as many cables as previous consoles, but that is a good thing - it provided all the cables we did need and eliminating excess cables keeps the price lower.The controller that is included fits well into our hands. It has a built-in rumble unit, so no external attachments are needed.The game disks are smaller and come in DVD sized cases, which keep the instruction booklet as well. This is great because, now, even used games almost always have instruction booklets because they do not get lost. Also, the GameCube discs load quickly - much more quickly than some competing consoles.The unit size is small and can be pushed into a smaller area so that it does not interfere with other objects in the room. The cables are longer so that the controllers can be further from the TV.The offers change with time, but with ours we got to choose a new game or the Game Boy Player which is a 1" block which attaches below the GameCube, hardly adding any size at all. We chose the Player and are happy with it. It will play Game Boy Advance games that we also use with our Game Boy Advance or Advance SP units.Definitely a winner.
3	B00005QEFD	What's not to like? The games that are made by Nintendo are great. Such titles as Metroid Prime 2 and certainly the Zelda series are what give the Gamecube variety in it's games. The PS2 has games that have the same story, in a way. (For instance: Rachet&Clank;, Jak&Daxter.;) Also, most of the PS2 and Xbox games that are made only for that certain console are side games, not the ones that have an original storyline, and are engageing to play. The graphics are as good as or better than the Xbox or the PS2. In addition, the speed is much faster than that of the other two. It takes at average to load a game, about two seconds; at max, about ten seconds. You would think that with the $200 price tag on the Xbox and the PS2 would make it a fast console. (It takes, what, three minutes to load a game with the Xbox?)The PS2 has bad Playstation-only games. The only good and popular game only for Xbox is the Halo series. On the Nintendo Gamecube, you have Nintendo-only games that are engageing, fun, and worth buying. (For Example:Super Smash Bros. Melee) Most good games, like Grand Theft Auto, or Need for Speed, are on all of the consoles. Another plus, it is the least expensive of the three.)Look at AMAZONs average rating(as of 8-11-05 and has been like this for a while).The Xbox--------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe PS2---------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe Gamecube---avg customer rating = 4 and a half stars.KEEP IN MIND THAT THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF REVIEWS FOR EACH OF THE THREE. It looks like the people are more satisfied with the Gamecube.
3	B00005QEFD	I own all three systems. Ps2 sucks compared to X-Box. GameCube though is in it's own little world. You can't compare because the amount of Nintendo exclusives it has. But GameCube has no games. Thats the negative. The positive, the games it makes are instant classics, and the one's they make rock, period.The graphics are okay. There are a lot of kiddie games like Pokemon and Animal Crossing and all those other little girl games. Games like Zelda and all the remakes are great. GameCube constantly moans and complains that they get no sales. They should do what they did for Zelda, remake the oldies. There sales will go up if they made remakes of Mario games and Donkey Kong games. It's not because they are kiddie, it's because we all grew up with these games.Anyway, GameCube is just an average Nintendo system. It is second best Nintendo system, because every classic is made on Nintendo 64! The occasional Mario games are fun, and any Zelda game they make, no matter how cartoony it is, will always be great. The controls are good, and loading times are faster then Ps2. In fact, everything is better then Ps2.If you are looking to buy GameCube, don't hesitate. With all the includings they include, you can get the Silver one with games, controllers and meory cards. (...)One word of advice, don't get any type of action or sports games on GameCube. They are better on X-Box and occasionally Ps2. Get classics like Zelda and some Mario games, and thats all GameCube is worth.
3	B00005QEFD	I got a used console to suppliment my Wii U. I had sold my original GC when I got my Wii and when I sold the Wii I was unable to play my GC games. Console is definately everything it's supposed to be and some 14 years later it's still works as advertised.
3	B00005QEFD	This is the only systems that has the most exlusives!The games are all enjoyable.  I cant explain the power.Ok so what if it doesnt have a damn dvd!  Big deal!The games are what matters and this system has the best gamessuch as metriod prime, the resident evil series,Zelda and more and its not a kiddie system you x box fanboys!Gamecube has waaaaaaay better games than x box!What the hell does x box have.....BESIDES HALO THATS GOOD?.........well.....oh fable(I played it at a friends house)....Oh yeah and halo2!Thats it! lets see what gamecube has.....Metriod prime,Resident evil remake(Beautiful graphics!) Viewtiful joe(cell shading gaming experience that every one should witness!),Resident evil 0(BETTER GRAPHICS THAN REMAKE!),Eternal darkness,wind waker,Mario Kart,Super smash bros(awsome game!)Metal gear solid Twin snakes(should be great)AND EVEN MORE AND CANT TELL!game cube is the best out there right now....PERIOD!...Get it now!!!!!!AWSOME GAMES AWSOME GRAPHICS AND AWSOME EXPERIENCE!IT DISERVES 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 STARS!
3	B00005QEFD	Yes I have reviewed this system...a bit to much I guess.Well It seems like November is the perfect month for games as it has come out with all the Killer games People have bin drooling on for.  November is also the best month for gamecubeSo far Oct-Nov has come out with some pretty good games And I'm looking forward to the new GCN games to come out.  So far some pretty fantastic games have come out like Metroid Prime 2, Mario Tennis, Viewtiful Joe 2 and the Upcoming StarFox Assualt, Resident Evil 4(which the playable Demo shown at E3 04 is now avaiblable when preorderd the game) and Killer 7Though I must agree with one review who said that MP2 didn't get lots of advertising.  Nintendo stinks at advertising this game.  When Mp was heard it was getting some hype but 2 hasn't got any that much.  Hopefully Resident Evil4 and Killer 7 do.Well That's all I have to say and yup..November was the month of Killer Games... I mean look at the listKill ZoneJak 3Ratchet and Clank 3Metroid Prime 2Halo 2Half Life 2Metal Gear Solid 3Viewtiful Joe 2Mario TennisEver Quest IIEct...well..uh yeah..Lates
3	B00005QEFD	this was my first game system and i love it! its very duroable, easy to use, and lots of fun. i prefer it over the Wii and would recomend it to anyone.
3	B00005QEFD	You know, I'm one of the few trying to keep the peace, and you know, fanboys are really bashing each system since te last time I was on this site. If you say the PS2's graphics are better than the Xbox's, my friend you're way in over head, and if you say the Xbox has better games, shoot, I don't have no idea where you've been for the past year, and if u shut the gamecube out, just because it basicly suits kids, then you're missing out on all the fun. I don't know who said they rather play the Atari instead of the PS2, if he had one, he'd definitly be playing the PS2, mabe more than the Xbox, but who knows. If you say the Xbox is just another bad microsoft product, try it out and get Halo, and Splinter Cell, with your own soundtrack, you'll be amazed, and if you shut out the gamecube, because of it's tastes(basicly kids) then give it a shot, and you might think kid games ain't so bad(heck they even have enough adult games, so I dunno why they keep saying it's best for kids, but the everyone rated games are a ton of fun). I mean, surley this looks like a waste of a reiview, but in my mind, all systems are good, and I'm really tired of 1 console owning fanboys bashing other consoles(Maybe their upset that they don't have a job, and don't have all the systems, and they just want to write a childish review to make the fell better, I dunno). I'm sure alot of people are tired of this nonsence console wars. I mean I can't even look up on reviews about multiplatform games, without saying this console stinks and this one rules. FOR GOD'S SAKE STOP!! I mean if you're gonna review a game write a honest and your true opinions about a game or console, not a false one, just to make you fell better. Advertising other consoles on other console pages are just dumb. I'll recomend this for ya tho, if you want the best console for games, you can't resist, get the PS2, If you want the strongest game console to date and want pure eye candy, and you're own soundtrack, who's stoppin you grab a Xbox. If you want a good dose of Technology and games, the gamecube is sure the suit your tastes. Well I hope this review is useful, and to me, console wars are straight up childish.
3	B00005QEFD	TO BEGIN, I WANT TO SAY THAT I AM GONNA COPY AND PASTE THIS REVIEW INTO THE PS2, GAMECUBE, AND THE XBOX SYSTEMS, AND GIVE ALL 3 5 STARS.Now, I HATE that people are litarely fighting with eachother because of disagreements between video game systems. NOBODY FIGHTS EACHOTHER ABOUT THE CHOISES THEY MAKE ABOUT COFFEE OR THE KIND OF CRACKERS THEY EAT, WHY SHOULD THEY FIGHT ABOUT THIS?The kind of video game system you buy reflects on your OWN likeing. Some people like ps2, some like the xbox. Its just a matter of taste.Personaly, i like the ps2 the best. I never regret geting it for a minute. Now, im not saying taht people who like xbox of gcn are morons, they just have different tastes.I have this kid in my class that likes the gamecube the best. For one, he doesnt like GTA3. I disagree with taht but i accept it.Another kid in my class loves the xbox. He loves shooters, and thats why he got Xbox.NOW WOULD YOU GUYS STOP ACTING LIKE CHILDREN AND START ACTING LIKE ADULTS AND ACCEPTING OTHER PEOPLES OPIONIONS!!
3	B00005QEFD	Without a doubt, Nintendo Gamecube is the best gaming system out on the market now and ever before. It's better than XBOX and PS2. I bought this system 4 months ago and am truly amazed on the outstanding performance of this system.The graphics are phenomenal.The gameplay is outstanding.The sound is excellent.The controller is very easy to learn.Gamecube is TONS OF FUN!One of the main things I love about Gamecube of course is the graphics. The faces of the characters in the games are so close to real-life that you think it actually is real. The thing that I love most about gamecube is the controller and how easy it is to use. Of course, you have L and R at the top of the controller and on the right side of the controller is your basic A, B, Y, X button which is very easy to remember. and then you have 2 JOYSTICKS! You have the main gray one of the left and then below it is your Plus button. This controller is not confusing as opposed to PS2 where you have L1, L2, R1, R2, Square, X, Circle, Triangle, etc. and you jsut get confused. The Gamecube controller is very easy to get a handle on.The graphics, the gameplay, the sound, and the controller is what makes this system the best. Also, don't forget the games. For those that are going to buy this system, may I make a suggestion about the first 3 things to buy for the system to make it even more entertaining?1. WIRELESS GAMECUBE CONTROLLER(Takes only 2 AA batteries and has outstanding battery life and can reach up to 50 ft without any cords.)2. Gamecube Memory Card 251(Has 3x as much memory space as any other memory card.)3. All-Star Baseball 2004(For those Baseball fans out there, if you like the baseball games, All-Star 2004 is the one to buy. Remember, All-Star Baseball 2005 is coming out soon too.)For those out there looking and deciding which system to buy, go with Nintendo Gamecube. EnJoY!
3	B00005QEFD	I bought this console only to play a few games that are exclusive of nintendo, but this is a very good console.
3	B00005QEFD	The gamecube is a great system.The games on the system are very fun like star wars rogue II and III Zelda games Mario Sunshine Phantasy Star I and 2 Final Fantasy.Get a gamecube system if you missed out on it back in 2001 when it came out.
3	B00005QEFD	Can't believe I'm writing this review in 2012, but the NGC deserves it. I've had my NGC for a long time. In fact, I had it through out the majority of this gen's life cycle. I sold my NGC (but kept the games) back in 2011 to buy a Wii & haven't regretted it since but lets stick to the NGC for this review lol. The GameCube is a pure work of art. It doesn't play DVDs, it doesn't play music. It only does ONE thing and one thing alone. Play games. This is a no gimmick, no nonsense gaming system, dedicated solely to gaming, & it shows hard.The NGC is FAST. Slow to almost NO load times are what you're looking at in games. The quality & durability of the system & it's components is superb & unmatched in every way. It's been proven that the NGC is the strongest, longest-lasting system of all three (NGC, PS2, Xbox). I've owned both a PS2 & NGC. NOTHING takes a hit & still works as flawlessly as a NGC. It's hard for the outer casing to even get scratched lol. It's light, portable, neat & sturdy. It comes with 4 control ports. 4's the standard, no wasting money on a multi-tap like you would need to for the PS2, this baby comes ready for a crowd. & the games are ready for a crowd too.Speaking of games, the NGC is a force to be reckoned with. It's really not that complicated. Xbox is out of the race before it even starts. Besides Halo & Fable, anything on an Xbox you can get anywhere else. Now comes the PS2. Ok, PS2 has by FAR the most games, and a crazy amount of them are good, but a crazy amount of games are also bad. THEN, you can't get Nintendo exclusives at all on a PS2 at all, and that's saying a lot, because unlike PS2 & Xbox, the NGC first party releases alone are are enough to power a system lol, & that's no exaggeration. Most good third party games on the PS2 can be found on the NGC. The others either don't matter cuz they're crap, or the NGC makes up for it, cuz it has ALOT of good games the PS2 doesn't have either. Incredible exclusives like Mario games, StarFox, Kirby, Pikmin, Pokemon, Donkey Kong, F-Zero, Zelda, Super Smash Bros, Fire Emblem, Metroid Prime, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles & Tales Of Symphonia are only a few in a very long line of epic games you can get only on the NGC & they're all great. Most are nominees for game of the year or winner of that award. NGC has less games than the PS2, but a higher percentage of it's games are good games.My mountain of NGC games never stopped growing, and i'm very picky when it comes to games. Even today there are good NGC games I haven't gotten my hands on yet that i intend to. Bottom line is, forget the fancy excuses to try and enhance sales, cuz the NGC doesn't do any of that. It just does what it's suppose to be, something to play video games on, and does it extremely well. This is of the best consoles you'll ever have the pleasure of knowing.
3	B00005QEFD	The Nintendo Gamecube came out along with The hot Playstation 2 and the newly introduced microsoft xbox. The nintendo Gamecube could not compete with the PS2 and xbox of course only because it coudnt play dvds or cds. Well it doesnt matter with this system it is still cool with a lot of great games like Mario party and a lot lot more.I have all 3 and the ps2 is the best then the xbox and then the Gamecube. And it is a great price only 99.99. $50 less than the ps2 and xbox. Great deal great system.
3	B00005QEFD	Had taken knocks but came as i expected it, is still running and is a pretty good one. Gamecube is a great console, although Wii totally overwrites it.
3	B00005QEFD	The Gamecube. The name says it all for fans of "gaming". Although this system doesn't do anything else besides play games, isn't that what you really want to do? Some of you own the next-generation systems, with all the bells and whistles, but this system only does one thing and it does it well: I plays games and ONLY games.For fans of Nintendo, this system will be more than satisfying to you. It's also at a great price now, and the availability of games is still in good force so you shouldn't lack for being able to obtain titles you want. Games are also reasonable, some being as low as 5 bucks. Be warned: The "Mario" titles can still go for as much as $30.00 depending on where you shop. Mario will always be popular, no matter what system he's on, past or present.This sleek little box has some power to it, and the unique gaming format (small discs) makes it great to collect for. Some titles to get for this are: Super Smash Bros. Melee, Tales of Symphonia, Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker, Pokemon Colosseum, Pokemon: Gales of Darkness, Super Mario Sunshine, Luigi's Mansion.............the list goes on and on. As I said earlier, most of these can be gotten for under $10.00. And since the Wii is backward compatible, they should be easy enough to get.Since I've owned my Gamecube, I haven't had ONE problem with it. You'll read on the net that Xbox 360 owners all too frequently suffer the "red rings of death" and their systems crash and burn, requiring delays as Microsoft repairs them or sends them another unit. Nintendo has always made quality systems, and not one of their systems I've owned (and I've owned them all) has broken down on me.From a collector's standpoint, the Gamecube is now the perfect time to get started on this system. Over 400 titles exist to pick up, plus plenty of other accessories (the Gameboy Player to name one) should keep you busy for a long time.So, in conclusion, the Gamecube might be the next system you'd like to own. If you're a fan of Nintendo, get this system. It's cheap, it's easy to collect for, and it'll last a lifetime for your gaming needs.
3	B00005QEFD	I got this in 2004. I got the screen so i could play on the road. This system has amazing graphics. Sony made one mistake with the ps2; its not durable. The ps2 breaks if you drop it. The gamecube is a hell more durable than a ps2 and now they made the ps2 smaller! Well anyway i am amazed. LOOK OUT FOR NINTENDO REVOLUTION!
3	B00005QEFD	I think if you have a choice of getting 2 systems from this (now slowly) fading Generation, get this system and a PS2. This review is basically of what my opinions were with the system's lifespan.The System itself:4 controllers slots for those wild parties you throw at your house. Memory cards did get better as time passed. Gameboy Player add on is an important accecory for Gameboy fans out there. the GCGBA cable was nice for some games but not that great. Controllers had a nice look to them. Joystick on one thumb on the upper left of the controller and on yellow one for mainly camera control and a d-pad for switching weapons, spells, etc. The buttons were a little bit oddly shaped but once you play the games on it for so long, you can be used to it.Games:The Gamecube had a great selection of games. the launch titles weren't good, but as the time went by, we had gotten better titles. the best games selection was from 2001- 2005. after that the system had suffered a line of children's games, meaning it will suffer like what happened the the PSone. RPGs weren't very popular on the GC, due to the fact that those companies thinking it wouldn't sell too greatly on the GC. FPS on Gamecube were awesome. with the controller's design, you don't have to reach any farther for the L stick unlike the PS2. not all games were not to be on the GC and those would be the Dragonball Z Budokai 1 and 2, because you have to keep turning the sticks and doing so ended up with a broken controller. THe Joysticks on the controller shouldn't go through rough play. The Animal Crossing game was a great example of why people who had too much time on their hands because it goes in real time and you can do all sorts of fun stuff. Graphics for some of the games were excellent as well. because this system uses an ATI Video Card, the water effects are georgus. the system had a great collection of retro game classic collections (mainly from sega and Capcom) Zelda the wind waker is the game to have for this system because it's a long adventure in the seas.Overall:the shinist moment is when Metroid Prime came out and it started to do great. Then as time went on a bunch of games were still good and Once Resident Evil 4 came out, it started to go downhill as companies want to make games for the other 2 systems because of A. use less discs and B. those systems are more popular than GC.Now is the time for the top 20 best and must have games list:1. Resident Evil 42. Resident Evil3. Legend of Zelda the Wind Waker4. Zelda Collection (4 titles)5. Viewtiful Joe6. Viewtiful Joe 27. Killer 78. Timesplitters 39. Sonic Mega Collection10. Sonic Gems collection11. Megaman X collection12. Mega Man Anniversary collection13. Tales of Symphonia14. Prince of Persia 115. Prince of Persia 216. Prince of Persia 317. Animal Crossing18. Metroid Prime19. F-Zero GX20. Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles
3	B00005QEFD	I gave this to my sis as a christmas gift because she always wanted a system. She seems to enjoy it, she loves the fact that it is strong and durable because it has taken a couple of falls already and am sure if it was a another system it would not be working to good right now
3	B00005QEFD	I have recently taken on a new interest in my old game cube, and am pleasantly content with it, so much so, that I have recently begun playing some of my old games, and even bought a couple new games that are old, but new to me.I have never had a problem with this unit, it is very reliable as compared to some other console units.Yes, I would buy it again, only wish it had more and better games for it.
3	B00005QEFD	TO: w.w. nowe enngs your a retard. the game consoles all have the same digital sound you moron. and just to let you know, microsoft (the creator of xbox) let out friggen defective xbox's the first year. Let alone there selling a machine that only costed them a 100 dollars to make for 300 hundred dollars. im very dissapointed with my xbox because its so dang delicate. cant even stinkin, pick it up without it braking. graphics are just as nice. sounds the same. your an idiot.
3	B00005QEFD	I picked up a GameCube for casual gaming to play multi-player games with a non-gamer.  It is a good replacement for board games.  I bought it to play games like Mario Party 7 and it has been great.  I already owned an XBox since 2001, but bought the GameCube in 2005 since it was really cheap and the simple games on it that aren't available elsewhere.  It has been fun as a secondary system.  I still prefer my Xbox for all other games than the multi-player games, but for the price, it is fun to pick up some of the GameCube games.
3	B00005QEFD	Frankly speaking, the whole world is just so mislead by the hype PS2 and even the XBox had created for themselves. However, the GameCube is the console most underated in the market. In terms of graphics, GC can provide stunning graphics that both PS2 and XBox cannot offer. People were so mislead by all the specs publication wars which actually Nintendo was not interested in at all. Look at games like Metroid Prime, Wave Racer, Red Squaldron etc. you will know what GC can offer. However, the whole world is just to distracted by graphics of games, which in way thought that as long as the game as good graphics, it is a good game, which is SO SO NOT TRUE. A game is about game play, and this is what makes a game re-visitable or not. Among all the game libraries provided by different consoles, there is no doubt that PS2 has the biggest library but at the same has the most junk games available. For XBox, most stuff are port from PS2 and at the same time has pathetic games like DOA Beach Volley which encourage players to be obssessed with the virtual body and manipulation of CG girls. For Nintendo, you can find the most innovative games in store: Eternal Darkness redefine the way survival thriller should be played, Metroid Prime redefine the game play of the series per se, Animal Crossing provides the most interesting interactive expereinces, Zelda Wind Waker provides you the most environmental related RPG format, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles provides innovative Multiplayer RPG experience. People should give GC a go before criticising GC as a kid console. Just imagine games like PN03, Killer 7, Eternal Darkness and Viewtiful Joe are not kid games at all. So wake up gamers and try before you criticise, and play before you make your judgement of this console of all time.
3	B00005QEFD	To start things off I love my Gamecube. It has beautiful graphics and super clear sound. But the area the Gamecube is best in is the games. Now, it doesn't have as big a library as the Ps2, but it has tons of exclusives, Mario Cart, F-Zero, Mario Golf, 1080 Avalanche, Wario World, Star Fox, Kirby Air Ride, Star Wars Rebel Strike, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Metal Gear Solid Twin Snakes, Resident Evil, Re 4 and Re Zero, Killer 7, P.N.03, Geist, Lost Kingdoms 2, Phantasy Star Online, Crush Hour, Army Men Sarges War, Ikaruga, City Racer, Ultimate Muscle, Eternal Darknessand more. The Gamecube can also link games from the Gameboy to itself allowing you to load data and unlock new parts to your game. Splinter Cell, Metroid Fusion, Sonic Advance, Allstar Baseball 2004 and Madden 2004 are a couple of the 'linkable' games. Now, you see, the Gamecube is no 'kiddie' system or a system laking good games. Next to the Ps2 it is the best system out there and it costs less than the other two systems.
3	B00005QEFF	It can't play DVDs, but if you want to play DVDS, buy a dvd player.It has awesome games, both for children and adults. The Harvest Moon franchise, a bunch of rpgs, The Legend of Zelda, Pokemon, Metroid, Super Mario, just to name a few.I highly recommend this console. It's portable, cheap, and fun. The controllers are pretty good too.
3	B00005QEFF	I bought my gamecube over 5 years ago and I still enjoy playing the games. Its more of a kid's system than a serious gamer's system. It has simple controls and simple interface. If you're looking for a good, cheap system, dont mind it being old, and don't mind ordering all your games for it online (they don't have them in stores anymore), then this is for you.
3	B00005QEFF	What makes a company like Nintendo so great is that they stay loyal to the consumer. They dont "Make something" and expect everyone to play it. They make only what they know there audience wants. Though i am a advid Sony fan and i will always have "Sony" number 1 in my book. Nintendo will always have a special place in my heart, that will never be takin away. The "Gamecube" the fourth system by Nintendo, is a truely remarkable product. What makes it so great is its completely A+ game list. What ever age you are, or whatever games you like, it will always have something for everyone. One truely creative and cool feature for the system is the small disk games that the system supports. Every game is disk that is no bigger than your palm (inless your a big guy). Some people might not find this a big deal, but it is because it differenciates the gamecube away from the other systems which use a DvD disk to format there games, leaving Gamecube with a nice cool look. Many games for the game cube have Game Boy Advance connectivity which with a GBA conective cable they can conect with certain games on the system. The only knock i have at the system (and this is a BIG knock) is the lack of Online gameing. I for one believe that Online gaming is the future of the gameing industry. And gamecube Does have an online adapter, but only supports TWO games for online connectivity "Phantasy Star Episode 1 & 2, and Phantasy Star CARD game revolution". These games will appeal to some people but only a small few will buy the adapter for them knowing that these are the only games that support online play. Also note that these these games require a monthly fee for play, even knocking consumers down even more. But that is the ONLY reason not to buy a "Gamecube". But to some people that is not a big deal because they dont find online play to be appealing. But in the end "Gamecube" is a truely revolutionary system. with a great gamelist for the whole family, it will quench anyone ones thirst for games, weather you are a HARDCORE gamer or a gamer who just is in it for some fun, you can rest asure that gamecube will deliever whatever you want in a game.
3	B00005QEFF	I love this system. Nintendo Gamecude is my heart. I just wished I bought one a long time ago when they were still making games for it.
3	B00005QEFF	this is a great system i think its the best ever and i think everyone should get this system!
3	B00005QEFF	While I have owned an XBOX since they were launched in the US, the recent &quot;Buy a GC system and get a free game and preview disc&quot; offers have been very tempting.  So, I finally just broke down and bought myself a shiny new PLATINUM GameCube system (along with Zelda and Preview disc-included for free, of course!).  Was it a wise choice?  Most definitely!XBOX games are great...I love my XBOX and continue to play it.  But certain games on the GC have that certain &quot;magic&quot; that is reminiscient of the Nintendo games of old and rarely seen on other systems.  The system is small (a stark contrast since it sits next to my XBOX), the Platinum finish is really classy, it boots up games quickly and the overall setup is very well done.  The game discs are a refreshingly small disc form factor, the controller, while difficult to use at first due to the odd button placement, becomes second nature after a few hours.  I have had no complaints with the hardware.  I think Nintendo R&amp;D did a good job in this area.The games themselves are fun and that's the main factor.  The GC is not an XBOX, so you shouldn't expect the games to technical masterpieces that push millions of polygons and so forth.  The system is capable of great things, but the developers are wisely choosing to focus on the gameplay aspect, and this is immediately evident in the few games that I've had the pleasure of playing on my new Cube.  So what if the GC can't use pixel shaders or render bump maps?  If you can't get over these and other tech facts, then do yourself a favor and get a high-spec PC.  Games are about fun gameplay, not rendering photo-realistic graphics.Overall, I'd have to rate the GameCube 5 stars out of a possible 5.  Why such high praise?  Well, after playing Zelda and some other games, the GC has so far managed to exceed my expectations and has gotten me to realize once again that gameplay is the king.
3	B00005QEFF	I won't go on with all the technicle specs and obvious advantages it has over XBox and especially PS2. All you need to know is...IT IS THE BEST OF THE THREE...BUY IT! BEST GAMES, GRAPHICS, LOAD TIMES, CONTROLLER, EVERYTHING!
3	B00005QEFF	Pros: 1-The reason I chose this sytem over the others is.......well, I guess it was the price.  I really wanted one of the new consoles and so I bought the cheapest one. And it's good enough for me. The others have extra stuff that you dont really need for gaming. Such as music.2-The next reason I got the gamecube is because it has Mario. Mario games in my opinion are the best games you can get. They usually have great multiplayer and they can keep you entertained for months.3-Gamecube also has the best controllers. They seem to fit right in your hand. The other systems controllers are either flat or too big. Plus the buttons are easier to find.4-This is just kind of a bonus....I don't think it really matters, but the cds are smaller.5-It has the greatest game in the world: Super Smash Bros. Melee.Cons: 1-It probably has the least amount of third party support. Most games are made for Play Station.2-Ya I guess thats all the cons I can think of
3	B00005QEFF	They love this console, my kids are 6 and 8 years old.It's a cheap and fun console.
3	B00005QEFF	I bought this for my children at Christmas and they have had hours of fun they have an attachment that allows them to play their gameboy games and they are really enjoying it. It seems durable and they can always find games at the video rental store.
3	B00005QEFF	It took me a while to decide which game console to buy.  After all, there are now three major consoles on the market, each boasting its advantages.  In the end, however, I stuck with my old and stalwart friend, Nintendo.  Ever since the days of my original Nintendo system back in the mid 80s, I have frittered away countless precious hours of my life to playing games, games, and more games.  I hoped the Gamecube would live up to the standard of its predecessors, and I was not disappointed.To me, one thing matters more than graphics, sound, etc.  That thing is gameplay.  And, for a variety of utterly enjoyable and very playable games, its hard to beat Nintendo.  My friend has a PS2, but since I got my Gamecube I find we haven't used it much.  The Gamecube is great because it contains such classic series as the Mario series, Zelda, Starfox, and one which recently returned to the forefront--Metroid.  All in all, I absolutely love Nintendo's games, and find myself much more entertained with the games available on this system than those on the PS2 or the Xbox.To me, this is the best system out there.  It's also the cheapest.  If you're struggling with the decision of which console to pick, I highly recommend the Gamecube.
3	B00005QEFF	it was december 2001 i was in the hospital after a accident i had awoken after surgery and was reading a gaming magazine when my 2 best friends walkedinto my  room it was hanukah actually and my friends had a huge box.  i looked at them and they handed it to me.  inside was a  new silver gamecube 5  controllersand a bunch of games they also  had a gift card to my local game store.  i was pumped.  after the demise of sega and me stuffing my ps2 in my closet due to my fanboy rage over the end of sega, i needed something to do.  (i also had both my legs 2 ribs and 3 broken fingers so i was in the hospital for at least a week.)  my friends spent  650 dollars on me that day....  i unboxed the gamecube and was impressed with the build quality and the shape was pretty rad.  the games they bought me were  lugis mansion (Great game)  crazi taxi (average)  all star baseball 2002 ( above average)  wave race blue storm (stunning grapics and solid gameplay)  batman vengeance (horrible)and super monkey ball( above average)  for weeks on weeks in the hospital i would play my gamecube ....  after i left the hospital i shelved it for a while but in the summer i picked up pikmin  (amazing game)  and during summer of 01 a lot of games were released..i still have my cube and my daughter plays it often.  it has held up very well and is very well built..  games are harder to come by now where i live but i still play my silver cube often 12 years later...  the sound of the system turning on almost gives you the chills its so pretty the graphics were great and the hardware was made well.if you can find one pick it up its worth every pennyhappy gamingharris Eugene Blake
3	B00005QEFF	Looks the new plays great I love it . I even got an extra controller and memory card  free . Nice suprise  . I think the cube is under rated .
3	B00005QEFF	The Nintendo Gamecube came out around 11/10-19/01 and from it's begining to this very day, it is considered as a child's system. They're partially right: About 60% of the videogames coming out are Teen & Mature rated,& only a fraction of them ever reach the 'cube (restating the fact that this is for mostly kids.)The console does pass at an 80% though. The graphics on Nintendo's latest console are better than ever, but Sony & Microsoft are still in the lead. The design of the Gamecube is.... well, a cube (duh). Compared with the PS2 and Xbox, it's the most compact of them all(mabey not the slim PS2), so you can set it up almost anywhere. If you're a die-hard Nintendo freak, then this for you.Anyone else may lose interest very quickly and buy another, different console, but keep reading.As I said in the begining, the graphics could be improved, but  about 100 of the games have stellar graphics.The controller, in my opinion, is the most comfortable for your hands than the other big-boy consoles. It dosen't have a kajillion buttons like it's underling, the N64.Also it is smaller than Xbox's mammoth controller. It sports 4 buttons, 3 shoulders, a joystick, control pad, and a camara changing c-stick.The games are mostly 1st party games(games made by their console company) with some big name multi-console games. Nintendo sticks to it's roots with its original titles, like Mario(mostly for kids), Donky Kong(party game/kid game), which uses bongos instead of a controller, Metroid(for teens and adults), and my favorite: The Legend of Zelda(for kids and teens and adults). Then some other games like Resident Evil 4, the NBA live series, and Prince of Persia.I'd say try the cube at a friends house, if you like it, buy it, or try the other consoles, you will find one you like. If you thinking of getting this one, here are some recomindations, you'll be satisfied: Mario Sunshine, Paper Mario 2, Metroid Prime 1&2, Zelda Wind Waker & Twilight Princess, Resident Evil 4, Prince of Persia, and Super Smash Bros. Meele.Look for Nintendo's next Revolution.1up.com forever!
3	B00005QEFF	When I first saw the Cube, sure, I was a little confused with the look. Yeah, I'm a little shallow too. I'm only human. But the first time I picked up the controller and played a demo, I was sold and half.The controller really is the perfect shape and size to fit the average human hand. It takes the general design of the PSX and PS2 controller and streamlines it to do away with any awkwardness inherent in the design. Shigeru Miyamoto himself spent considerable time working on the controller design to perfect it, and it really shows. There is absolutely not controller, first- or third-party made that feels better and can be used longer.The system is incredible. Nintendo has decided not to try to split power between DVD and CD playing, and focus purely on gameplay. And that's a good thing. This is the machine of a blue-blooded gamer, someone who only cares about the love of the game, not number of the widgets. The built in fan keeps the system cool for literally hours. Unlike the XBOX, which was shipped in 2001 without a cooling fan, the Cube can be left on for hours at a time with not skip or melt or shutdown. In addition, unlike the crashing experienced too often on the XBOX, the majority of GC's won't crash during their lifetime. Add to that the most durable shell ever seen on any console, and you have a hell of a well-put-together system.The medium, additionally, is, according to third party publishers, the easiest to use. And it more than does its job, as attested to in its fantastic library. Nintendo has always tried to make titles for all ages, and on the Cube it has succeeded:Eternal Darkness (rated M)Resident Evil (M)Resident Evil 0 (M)Zelda: The Wind Waker (E)Rogue Leader (T)F-Zero GX (T)Resident Evil 4 (M)Animal Crossing (E)Pikmin (E)Metroid Prime (T)Super Mario Sunshine (E)Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes (M)The list goes on, but you get the point. The GC has the largest library of AAA first party titles of any system. . . well, ever. Far from being a "kiddie machine," the Gamecube manages a wide range of variety meets quality.Now, many people would complain about the lack of online support for the GC. I'm not one of them. I have a computer, thank you very much, and that meets my online gaming needs just fine. I don't need to go to the net on my Cube to be happy with my system.And that's what it gets down to. The GC has seen more play time in my house than any other system. It's just the fact that the games on the system are fun. With PS2 and XBOX, I find myself waiting for the next Halo, Metal Gear Solid, or Grand Theft Auto, with little to no must-haves in between. However, with multiple branches of Nintendo working on its different franchises, along with it farming off some to third-party publishers, the games I love are flowing more freely on the Cube than any other system.All in all, this system, especially considering the recent price drop, is well worth the purchase, and with a solid line-up on the 2004 horizon, there has never been a better time.
3	B00005QEFF	This is the fastest of the 3 consoles. What slows the other 2 down is the ability to play dvds and cds. I made a terrible mistake when I listened to my friend and got a ps2 instead of a gamecube in 2001. The 2 new nintendo consoles that are coming out are the DS and Gamecube 2. DS will be released in November of 2004 and Gamecube 2 in November or December of 2005 along with the new playstation and Xbox. I suggest you get gamecube 2 because Nintendo is the only one to trust and will be the only one to trust. I only hope it uses the same controller yet upgraded a little but still can use the Gamecube 1 controller and I hope it'll be backwards compatible with all gamecube games. Get it it'll blow everything else down to Pluto.
3	B00005QEFF	Well, I am a self-proclaimed Nintendo fanatic and could never pass up a new gaming machine from them, but how can anyone pass up on such a cool videogame system?  There are tons of amazing games to attract a multitude of gaming tastes. Everything from simple games for kids to role playing games, action adventure, sports and first person shooters. Add into that mix the unsurpassed franchises Nintendo supports that rarely fail to rock the videogaming industry to it's foundation and you've got a system that has appeal to all gamers.But Nintendo doesn't stop there. With this gaming machine you can add adapters for online play (broadband or dial up) and connect your Game Boy Advance (GBA) to it for trading gaming information between the two devices, opening up hidden ares and expanding your gaming experience. Soon, you'll even be able to play your GBA games on your TV through your GameCube with the Game Boy Player!The Nintendo GameCube is quite simply a gaming powerhouse!  Expanding our ideas of what videogames can do and where they can take us.  It's designed from the ground up to take us into the next level of gaming.  Join the fun! Don't miss the ride of a lifetime!
3	B00005QEFF	As all of you know this console is produced by Nintendo, a pure gaming company with an extremly rich history. Nintendo has been in the industry so long that many of us grew up with a Nintendo console in the home. Nintendo revolutioniized the gamin industry with the introduction of the Nintendo Entertainment System back in the 1980's. Bottom line Nintendo has been producing games and consoles for over 20 years and they are the seasoned vetrans of the gaming world. You can't go wrong with a company like that.Nintendo released the Gamecube in November of 2001, thats two years ago to this date. Since then sales of the "Cube" as some call it, or "GC", have fallen like a boulder. However in September 2003, Nintendo announced that they would reduce the price of the Gamecube to $100. In the first week sales doubled and just recently they annoucned that their weekly sales in October had quadroupled. Its kinda sad to see that people waited so long to purchase such an excellent console.Now with the reduced price, sales are going through the roof. Parents and yound adults are looking in the direction of Nintendo, attracted by the price cuts. Normally their glances would have left out close inspection and they would have looked at that black tower, or the giant green X. But $100 is attractive to anyone and upon closer inspection they found an excellent console that was much much much better than any other console out there.GAMESNintendo produces quality games. No human being can deny that fact, they have always released quality and visually impressive games. However, when compared to the Playstation 2, the Gamecube may seem not to have as many games, but it sure does make up for lack of games with quality. Even if a console did have a huge selection of great games, how many people out there have enought money to purchase all 99 of those so called "great games"? Not me and I doubt anyone else is unlike me. So, by coming out with quality games, Nintendo has a few games, but nearly all of them are excellent.-Mario Cart: Double Dash!-F-Zero GX-Mario Sunshine-Star Wars Rouge Squadren Series-Mario Party series-Mario Golf-Zelda SeriesKeep in mind folks that all of the above games are exclusives, meaning that no other console out there features the game. If you want the oprotunity to buy these games, the Gamecube is the only possible solution. Most games are kid friendly, making this an excellent choice for the parent worried about their kids. I have no idea where the "kiddie" conontation came from. Nintendo has never been a "kiddie" company, and I am outraged that many folks haven't bought a Gamcube because of this.CONTROLLER-Nintendo produces the best controller on the market and also are the only company to produce a first party wireless controller; The Nintendo Wavebird.CONSOLE-The cool looking cube is visually attractive and comes in Black, Blue, and Silver. The small compact design is awsome for anyone who wishes to transport the console over to a friends or parents home. A carrying handle is permanently attached to the cube.Well thats pretty much it. I recenlty bought a Gamcube in August right before the price cut and I love it more than my Playstation 2 which I have over 61 games for and have had since Chirstmas 2000.
3	B00005QEFF	The gamecube is a great system.......it didn't have better graphics that the ps2.....nor did it have the best online.......but for those of you who do care about graphics.....it had better graphics than the ps2....and its games were much funnier.......And when i say better graphics i mean better graphics...not my opinion...but a technical fact......check the spec's........Gamecube should be considered as the bets last gen console........cool looking....good controller....ending
3	B00005QEFF	Any fan of the Nintendo 64 needs this console to add more depth and knowlegde to their already large collection of games. I highly recommended a Gamecube for any fan. And soon the Gamecube Revolution will be released making another ultimate console due out in the future.
3	B00005QEFF	Got this for my boyfriend for Christmas along with Wind Waker and Metroid Prime, probably with Melee to come in the future. He'd sold his and regretted it ever since, so he was very pleased. It's amusing to read old reviews talking about the Gamecube as though it were new (which, of course, it was), but even now the Gamecube has some incredibly nostalgic and exciting titles with which you should think to rekindle your relationship if you need something to play besides the recent fare.
3	B00005QEFF	Please know that I love Nintendo, and have owned all of their major systems. GameCube was the first of this generation of systems that I bought (I now own a PS2 and an XBox). I love Nintendo games, so I am happy with it. If I had to choose only one system, this would not be it.Pros:* Nintendo's own games (e.g. Legend of Zelda, Super Smash Bros. Melee, Metroid, Paper Mario) are some of the best in the industry.* The graphics and audio power of this unit are amazing.* The system is very portable, complete with a handle for carrying.* The controller is very ergonomic and easy to use.Cons:* Many major titles have not been brought to GameCube, even if they are on XBox AND PS2.* The system requires that you purchase memory cards, and a hard drive is not available.* Online gaming is not available (I think there might be one game), and is not encouraged by Nintendo.
3	B00005QEFF	since i bought this from someone else i would say im very lucky to have bought this for the cheap price, better than what it is expected!!!
3	B00005QEFF	Sure gamecube is cool best good graphics ps2 x-box they practicaly evry game looks about the same i used too hate the controls and the controller not no more! its the next generation system! but the x-box has the best graphics out off all of em' ddesent controls and downloadable music and dvd player what more can u ask for yaknow!ps2 the best controls best controller out they folks but they brake too easaly from most gamers i heared of and sorta complicated! i cant explain it but i hate the controller now for some reson ever sense it broke and got a x-box!well over all for the cube it has the most fun games preety standered graphics but not the best we have seen the controls can get sloppy in some games good platinum color awesome nintendo!! you can hook up your game boy advance or sp too hit and pick up a gameboy advanced player soo you can play your favorite games on your gba or sp on your game cube you can use your controller too you dont need your gameboy advance just hook it in and go for 50 bucks!and gamecubes price is only 100 dollars now so people with not alot of money and want the next generation games just geta gamecube who cares what anyone thinks yaknow!
3	B00005QEFF	It's a Gamecube, if you're into Retro gaming at all it's a great console to play all the great Gamecube hits with. Whether it be F-Zero GX, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, Star Wars: Bounty Hunter. Pikmin... etc... the list goes on. Highly recommend this console to retro gamers, has a wide variety of games, each unique with their own fun to them.
3	B00005QEFF	this is a real cool system i had this for a long time and i still enjoy it the games are great. Gamecube and ps2 are still may favorites and xbox360, gamecube is a great system with awsome games that you don't get tired of you know like shooting games you get to board of that qucklly but gamecube games you don't really get board cause its more fun like for example sonic games and mario party games and much more fun games this is a unique console.
3	B00005QEFF	As a games retailer, I have become keenly aware of the assets and drawbacks of each game system. The Nintendo Gamecube is often given short shrift when compared to the PS2 and the XBox. It's often seen as a "kiddy system," appealing only to children and preteens. But when stacked up against the other two systems, it is second (barely) to the XBox in overall quality. The Gamecube features excellent graphics (a 485 MHz aluminum processor and an IBM CPU, second only to the XBox's 733 MHz) and smooth, even gameplay thanks to a three linked processors and twin Emotion Engines. This keeps framerates smooth, load times to a minimum, and allows for gorgeous graphics. Its hardware isn't as complex as the XBox's, but it makes better, more efficient use of what it has. Like the XBox, it has four controller ports for mulitplayer use (the PS2 has but two, and requires a separate multi-tap for extra players), and two memory card slots. It does have a couple of drawbacks when compared to the other systems, though: It won't play DVDs (Cube games are minidisc-based, not DVD-based) and currently there's no online play to speak of.In terms of games, the Cube does have a smaller selection of titles than the other two systems. However, this is largely due to the fact that Nintendo keeps most of its gaming licenses in-house, doling out a few to select companies. This means that although there are fewer games, the ones available are of good quality (unlike PS2, which will license anything, no matter how bad). Certainly, there are some bad games for the Cube--just a lot fewer than the other systems. Plus, certain titles and characters are Nintendo exclusives; you won't find Mario, Zelda, Metroid, Starfox, or Donkey Kong anywhere else. They also have exclusive rights to the excellent Star Wars: Rebel Strike. Plus, one can get Madden, Medal of Honor, NBA Street, and other popular titles for the Cube. Also, Nintendo has recently released a nice piece of hardware that expands the number of games available: The Gameboy Player (about fifty dollars) hooks up to the Cube and allows one to play Gameboy games on the television. Nintendo has often been criticized for having few Mature-rated games; this is largely due to their focus on keeping games kid- and family-friendly. Between the quality of games and the first-rate graphics and gameplay, I have to say that this system is an exceptional value, and is highly recommended.Suggested games: Mario Party 4 and 5, Luigi's Mansion, Metroid Prime, Animal Crossing, Mario Sunshine, Super Smash Brothers Melee, Starfox Adventures, Legend of Zelda: Windwaker, F-Zero GX, Soul Calibre, Mario Kart: Double Dash.Suggested accessories (when possible, stick with the Nintendo brand. They're the best quality): Memory card 251 (a must-have, as this is the only way to save games); a second controller (available in blue, black, and spice orange); for wireless play, get the Nintendo Wavebird, an excellent controller at a great price; the Gameboy Player (for playing GB games on the TV); if you have an older TV without RCA A/V jacks (red, yellow and white) that has a cable jack in the back, you'll need an RF adapter (about $15); racing wheel (I recommend the Logitech brand); if travelling with the system, I recommend the Intec gamescreen, which includes everything you need for portability.
3	B00005QEFF	Labeled as a video game. Anyways, this console is a classic from my childhood that I just had to use again. It is a powerhouse with very fun games to play on it. You can leave it on for a long time without a heat issue which is rare for modern consoles. The included controller has a short cable but other than that this is a good buy.
3	B00005QEFF	&quot;PS2 is the best!&quot; &quot;Gamecube sucks!&quot; &quot;XBox rules!&quot;  If you've read the reviews for any of these three systems, it's the same thing over and over.  Let me ask a question.  How many of you have actually played/owned a Gamecube and did NOT like it?  My guess is not many.  Don't get me wrong Playstation 2 and XBox are both wonderful systems and are worth purchasing.  If you only have money for one however, I would choose the Gamecube, and here's why:Let me first start by saying it IS the cheapest of the three systems, but that doesn't mean it sacrifices anything in quality.  What it means is that it can't play DVD's, doesn't have a hard drive, and cannot basically run your life for you!  What it is a compact, diverse, and just plain fun system!The graphics are wonderful. (and only cartoony in cartoon-like games)  They are better than PS2 (not bad but this is better) and fall just a hair short of the XBox.Loading times are basically nonexistent on all but just a few games and those load very quickly.  That is a huge advantage over their two competitors.I feel that they have the most diverse selection of games out of the 3 systems.  They have Zelda, Mario, and Metroid to name a few, but they also have excellent third party games such as Madden 2004, NBA Live 2004, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Skies of Arcadia, and countless others.  For you mature gamers you have Eternal Darkness, Resident Evil, Mortal Kombat, etc.  So everyone get this myth out of your head, THIS IS NOT A KID'S SYSTEM!  Sure it has games tailored to kids but it has plenty to keep older gamers coming back for more.I think the Gamecube controller is excellent.  It is a bit different but you will find that the button scheme works well on all but just a couple of games.  It works about as well as the PS2 controller, and we won't even discuss the mammoth XBox controller.The only real drawback is the lack of online play, but that isn't particularly devastating.  The fact that there are four controller ports (as opposed to just 2 on the other systems) and several addictive four player games more than makes up for that.  If, however, you really enjoy playing online PS2 would be the way to go.Just to wrap up, I think the Gamecube is an excellent system to purchase, although I would still recommend PS2 and XBox as well.  What I don't want to see are people that have never played the NGC spouting that it sucks, because people depend on these reviews to make an important decision and I feel it is an injustice to comment on something for which you have little knowledge about.  The Gamecube is a wonderful system and definitely worth your $99!
3	B00005QEFF	I've been a Nintendo fan since the SNES(Super Nintendo Entertainment System) and i have enjoyed all the classics since then, ecspecially the Mario franchise.Nintendo Gamecube is the latest in Nintendo's home console gaming and featues state of the art graphics wich were amazing...in 2001.As you may know or not know Nintendo is plannign on releasing a new consol soon,very soon.So is this truly worth buying?(Read on and decide for yourself)Gamecube had a strong,strong line up in the beggining of it's life span with instant classics like "Super Smash Bros. Melee"(duke it out in a crazy fighting game with Nintendo classics!) and "Star Wars:Rogoue Squadron 2"(or pit yourself into the realm of Star Wars and man your vehicle and prepare for war!).Even as the years rolled byNintendo got possibly better!With hits like "Phantasy Star Online Episodes 1&2"(one of the few online games on the GC, great RPG and it's multi player too!) and "Sonic Adventure 2 Battle" by working a few deals with Sega.Sadly the Gamecube started to become sluggish lacking the online features other consols now fully supportet speccifically X-box.Nintendo went their different ways but still managed to produced multiple titles that still had major success.Keep in mind Gamecube prodominatley features multiplayer games and child based games, but that doesn't stop them from releasing mature single palyer goodies like Resident Evil 4(one of the best games of ALL TIME!).Don't forget the Nintendo vault of treats to with all their franchises making epic returns and new arrivals, Animal Crossing is very addicting think of it as a wacky The Sims(in a nutshell that is).Super Mario Sunshine is Marios way back into people homes with all his platformer goodness and one of the greatest...Legend of Zelda:The Winder Waker, a powerful RPG conducted of elements from all the previous LoZ containing clean clear cell shaded styled graphics!All these good games and you wonder why a 4 star?Nintendo as i mentioned did superb, but then started disabling many titles that came out on PS2 and X-Box as if they wanted to kill off fanbase (but still failed, long live Nintendo!).With all that said you pick a Gamecube up for a relatively cheap price considering all the other system costs of around 150-200$.
3	B00005QEFF	it is a good purchase and glad to have it... too bad its not indigo but we can live with that :)
3	B00005QEFF	This past year was a great year for Nintendo GameCube. While I'll be the first to admit that the N64 never really did well enough in my book I adamantly refute the naysayers who refuse to acknowledge GameCube's greatness. The fact of the matter is that the hardware is almost as powerful as the XBox, and even has a texture capacity advantage. Characters tend to look more realistic, while XBox looks cartoonier, but that's okay! I like XBox too, now.Nintendo had a huge amount of great games during its 2002 run, Resident Evil, Eternal Darkness, Star Fox Adventures, Mario Sunshine, and even its first online game, Phantasy Star Online.I have now 14 GameCube Games, compared to 8 Playstation 2 games and 7 Xbox games. Being that I place my scores on the amount of games I end up buying for any given system during that year that puts GameCube in the number one spot. I bought 7 XBox games this year, and only one PS2 game.I have a track sheet I've made. If I have the money by the end of 2003 I should have 35 GameCube game, 29 Xbox games, and 21 PS 2 games. The bad news is that for both GameCube and PS 2 many of those titles are already released games that I have yet to get, and am planning to get used. Nintendo has not announced very many first party titles (the reason you buy Nintendo is for first and second party games) and with the absence of Rare (now owned by Microsoft) I wonder if Nintendo will be able to keep up this momentum, especially since XBox has a ton of stuff coming out this year that is much higher in my priorities. It is possible that Xbox may end up over taking GameCube in my personal collection, something I didn't think was possible six months ago, but they are only five games behind in my "games to buy list", but as soon as Rare starts cranking out their new Xbox stuff that may change very quickly.I recommend buying both an XBox and a GameCube. The games of these systems are so good that if you don't have them both you'll be missing out on a great deal. The only system I can do without right now is PS2, and that is because most of the noteworthy PS2 games are also available on the other two systems. If you haven't gotten a GameCube yet go get one, along side Eternal Darkness, Metroid Prime, and both of the Resident Evils. Those games alone should be enough to justify the purchase, not to mention the ton of other really good games that are also available for this small but amazing, and highly under rated console.The only weakness the system has is its lack of an online plan. Only one game features online support so far, which is disappointing. But even without much online content the GCN is still well worth it.
3	B00005QEFF	I've had this system for over a year and nothing serious has happened yet. The good thing about the Gamecube is the loading times (especially on Mario Kart). There are 4 controller ports, it's small and even the discs are tiny. The only problem is that you can't listen to music or watch DVD's. But it actually makes sense, because it's called "Gamecube", meaning only for games. So far I only own 4 games (Spiderman 2, Zelda Wind Waker, NFSU2 and Mario Kart Double Dash) and that's mainly because I own a XBox and PS2 and I play mostly M rated games. The controller is all right but the PS2 is still better (in my opinion).Overall, this is a system for kids, mainly because of Pokemon and Mario. But I doubt you will have any problems with this system and Nintendo you can trust!
3	B00005QEFF	GAMECUBE IS the best. Good graphics and its VERY portable also it has the best gamesGAMECUBE-VIEWFUL JOE METAL GEAR METROIDPLAYSTATION 2- GRAND THEFT AUTOXBOX- HALO PROJECT GOTHAM RACINGgamecube HAS THE BEST GAMES BUY IT
3	B00005QEFF	I do not recommend Nintendo Gamecube as your primary game system, however, just the cheap price of the console and the exclusive titles such as Zelda and Mario Franchise make it a great secondary system for everyone.Not only is this system small in size, there is a handle behind so you can carry this system around easily, (yes it is pretty light too), and there are many good quality add-ons that make this quite convenient for travelling.The hardware specifications are not quite on the same level as the powerful XBox, nonetheless it is at least twice as powerful as the PS2. Further more, Gamecube uses the mini-DVDs as the media storage format, so it has a very quick load time, (yes it takes less time for the hardware to read the mini-DVD than the full-sized DVD) but on the contrary, the same feature makes this system vulnerable because the data the game makers can use is limited to 1.5 GB, whereas with full-sized DVDs they can store up to 8-9GB using dual-layer technology. This shouldn't be a big problem, however, because 1.5 GB is enough for most games, and if it is too little, the game can always be split up into 2 discs, as seen in the case of Resident Evil 4 for Gamecube.The controller fits almost everyone's hands perfectly, and it is easy to access all of the buttons. The grip of the controller is very good as well, so your hands won't feel awkward while playing or get tired after hours of playing. (Usually XD) However, the cord is just too short and gets tangled quite often. The solution to this problem is the wireless Wavebird controller, which has the same good grip as the normal controller, almost same weight (amazing...), good battery life (you can turn on/off the controller to maximize the battery life), and most importantly, no delay. Although this product may sound perfect, there is one big downfall and it is the lack of the rumble feature. So if you enjoy the vibration on your hands, get a normal controller and deal with the short distance of the cord. If you can't stand that either, buy an extension cord.Gamecube also features the most satisfactory memory card ever to be seen, and it is the Memory Card 1049. While the third-party products may have granted the access to save a large amount of data, the save files often became corrupted. On the other hand, the traditional first-party memory cards for both Gamecube and PS2 just didn't have enough storage. Big games such as the Sims and other sports game usually took up most of the memory card's space. This new memory card, however, stores over 1000 blocks of data and is virtually safe from the file corruption.Now moving on to the softwares! Your favorite Nintendo characters are back once again, and they look more detailed and cooler than ever!The problem with the Gamecube is the lack of support from the third-party game makers. You could hardly find any exclusive third-party titles for Gamecube, let alone find any decent third-party titles because they just don't sell. This is the reason why I do not recommend this as your primary system.This problem is somewhat covered by the decent line-ups of games the Nintendo released themselves, such as Zelda and Mario. I will include the list of games that I recommend so you may have a fun time playing quality A++ games XDMust-have titles (I'm serious)Legend of Zelda : Wind WakerResident Evil 4Animal CrossingMetroid Prime 1&2F-Zero GXSuper Smash Bros. MeleeMario Kart : Double DashTitles that are nonetheless fun but can be skipped if you have money problemsEternal DarknessMetal Gear Solid : Twin SnakesPaper MarioSuper Mario SunshinePikmin 1&2Mario PartyLegend of Zelda : Four Swords AdventuresHarvest Moon : A Wonderful Life & Magical MelodyLuigi's MansionSuper Monkey Ball 1&2Sonic Adventure 2 BattleDonkey KongaAlmost all games listed above are exclusive Gamecube titles, and even in the case of multi-platform games, I recommend you buying them for Gamecube rather than PS2, because Gamecube has better graphics and better controller than PS2, not to mention that Gamecube somehow manages to load data at a very fast rate that almost equals that of XBox. Overall this is a very good game system, I absolutely loved the controller despite some issues, (I hate Dual Shock 2 for PS2) and Gamecube features a library of top quality first-party game titles. I hope these are enough reasons for you to willingly spend $150 dollars on this game system, because if you skip this one, you're definitely missing out.
3	B00005QEFF	I'll start with the controller, since that is not addressed very often. The Gamecube controller may look funny but it dits rather comfortably in most hands and works well with most games, despite the three buttons less than the competition's. The digital cross-pad is not very comfortable to use, I think, because it's sort of detached from the left handle, making it hard to reach unless you have a long and very jointable thumb.It's true that the GameCube cannot play music CDs or DVD movies and, I'm not going to deny it, that is a weakness. If you want to watch DVDs, play music CDs, and play video games all in one system, the Gamecube is not for you. There is also minimal support from third parties, hence the long list of games available for the other consoles but not Gamecube. I'm not a sports fan, so the lack of sports titles doesn't bother me. The Gamecube also has no hard drive, and there are no plans to make one. Online play is limited to one or two video games, maybe a smattering more. There aren't too many bloody games on this system, because most third parties don't believe they blong there, and Nintendo's in-house development team is more interested in games not limited to adults.The strengths of the Gamecube rely on its first-party titles such as Animal Crossing, The Wind Waker, Super Smash Bros Melee, and Metroid Prime.The Gamecube does have a lot of titles that are mostly aimed at children, but that doesn't make it a "kiddy system" per say. That is, unless you think BloodRayne, MK Deadly Alliance, Eternal Darkness, five Resident Evil titles, Red Faction 2, Blood Omen 2, Hunter The Reckoning, Turok Evolution, BMX XXX (which is uncensored on GameCube), the True Crime games, Dead to Rights, Eternal Darkness, and Hitman 2 are there just so mom or dad or an older sibling can play once in a while. Maybe that doesn't matter to some hardcore gamers since many of these titles are also available on other consoles. I still think this is just a result of jaded game companies who haven't forgotten or forgiven Nintendo for censoring the blood in Mortal Kombat on SNES and the sex in Duke Nukem 64 for Nintendo 64.The unit is rather small, measuring about 6x6x4" without the GB Player attachment. It's fairly durable and travel-friendly.The Nintendo GameCube is a video game system, plain and simple, and if you want to know what's avaiable for it, feel free to look for the many Listmanias or "So You'd Like To"s right here at Amazon.com or check the databases at GameFaqs.com.
3	B00005QEFF	I came to Video Gaming late. I was/am in my late teens and I am finally able to buy games and systems. I should have ended up right in the 'Fall of the SEGA Dreamcast vs Rise of the PS2' era with gaming. However, due to multiple reasons, I ended up missing the sixth generations, watching as all of my friends received Xbox's, Gamecubes, and most often, PS2s. As we were steaming to the end of the seventh generations even, I was still console-less and therefore, game-less as our computers were unable to do PC-gaming emulators.Then enter me, one year ago. I had money saved back, enough to buy a used sixth generations system. Dreamcast, Xbox, and Gamecube were the three choices that kept coming up to me. And in a final moment, I decided on the Nintendo Gamecube. And I was not dissapointed.If you are planning to get into gaming on multiple platforms, this system is the perfect start. I see this system as the end of one era and beginning of another. If you want 'Great Classics with Great Gameplay', you can start with the Gamecube, and work your way back slowly with a Dreamcast, N64, PS1, Saturn, and even the NES/SNES and Genesis systems. All of those consoles carried amazing classic games, and Gamecube followed that lineup with titles concerning Mario, Sonic, and other platformers, racers and sports such as EA, *Even though I do not like EA one bit...*, and shooters from Star Fox to that-one-game-I-don't-remember-the-name-of.If you are planning to get into gaming on multiple platforms and work your way forward to today, you won't be dissapointed. The quality of gameplay, graphics, and the like are beautiful, flawless 128 bit stuff. In all comparison, amongst the four Sixth Generation Consoles, this one ranks ties for second best in quality, drawing even with the Dreamcast and just slightly behind Microsoft's Xbox. From here to now, the games have consistently been well looking save for direct-ports and 'classic collections'.Are you looking for an older system, but not to old of one, with a variety of games for all different members of the family? This is it! Let younger Bobby play platformers such as Sonic Adventure 2 Battle or Super Mario Sunshine, let your older son invite his Girlfriend over as they shoot the crap out of Zombies in the ENTIRE Resident Evil series. *RE2, RE3, RECVX, RE4, RE0, and the REmake are all on here. At that end of the Gamecube's life cycle, that was the entire series*. And for family, you can get together and play fighters like the Soul Calibur series or lesser known titles like 'Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee'.Not just that, the console is simple in design. A simple cube. None of this flat stuff that takes up so much space horizontally like the older 'Fat' PS1, Saturn, N64, or the Xbox. And it isn't going to topple over, a fear I have with other consoles like the PS2/3, Xbox 360, and Wii.Four controller ports allow for massive fun, and the controllers themselves are easy to learn, contrary to what opponents would say. Most games are also well suited for the controllers, the buttons and 'analog' 'stick' instantly react in most scenarios.And as for the title 'last true gaming console', consider this. After the PS1/Saturn/N64 era, every console was made as a 'massive multi-purpose machine' to do things like surf the web, play DVD's, CD's, and Blu-Rays, such as the Dreamcast, Xbox/Xbox 360 and PS2/PS3. OR, they were driven by massive marketing with little true respect for the gamers like the Wii, and to a lesser extent, the PS2. But the Gamecube plays GAMES. And only games. Only four games ever ventured online, and I think only three of those ever came to the States, and none of them sold well.If you are looking for a GAME console, this is a great one to start with. And they are still pretty cheap. In just a few years, I bet that most sixth generations consoles like the Gamecube, Dreamcast, and Xbox will become hard to find and quite expensive, much like what is beginning to occur with the Saturn and PS1.
3	B00005QEFF	First of all this is not a bias review.About a year ago my friend got a gamecube for christmas. This is mostly because they couldnt afford a ps2. Anyway, I spent alot of time at his house and, before I bought my ps2, I played gamecube ALOT. I had hundreds of hours into Timesplitters 2, which is a multisystem game, but I was playing it on cube. Here is my analisys of gamecube during that time:Graphics: 8/10 About the same as ps2, less than xbox. The framerate is not always steady but gfx are still great.Sound: 6/10 Doesn't offer any support for Dolby Digital (that I know of anyway). Nor are there any digital sound outputs (optical or coaxal).Online play: 1/10 Although it offers a network adaptor and a dial-up modem, very few games actually support the feature, even multisystem games.Controller: 8/10 Not bad. I like it better than Xbox's but less than Playstation's. I got used to it pretty quick though.Duribility: 10/10 This has to be the longest-lasting, most durable system avaliable.Versitility: 2/10 The only thing you are going to do with this thing is play games - thats it. No DVDs, no CDs, no homebrews. Although there is a linux distro avaliable for it, the site makes it sound like a pain in the butt just to boot it up. None of this may matter to some people.Games: 8/10 Although this system has VERY few games, what it does have are great. All the nintendo games are only on cube. Honestly, standalone, this system wouldn't provide much entertainment after you beat the few games it has. But, like I said, what it does have are great.My total: 7/10And today, I bought my very first gamecube. I liked it so much I bought one for myself.If you were to ask my opinion, the first system you should buy is a ps2, then a cube, and then maybe an xbox (I really don't like xbox at all).I hope this is helpful to people looking at a new video game console.
3	B00005QEFF	Man, that platinum looks very good. Maybe you should get a different color for financial purposes, but GambeCube is the system to buy. The classic games you love come back: Metroid, Star Fox, James Bond, Mario, Zelda, Star Wars, Resident Evil and old PSX games like Crash and Spyro. I love those games, and you should definitely get the cube.
3	B00005QEFF	This is really a cool look, I wish I could've gotten one when I first bought my GC. This option, the steep price drop, and the Mario Sunshine bundle makes me wish I had never bought a Gamecube so early. I will never do that again! Thanks, Nintendo, I'll be sure to wait a year after your next console!
3	B00005QEFF	Nintendo has had its fair number of misteps (Virtual Boy) but far far more often than not they are amazing (N64, SNES, Wii U, ext) and the Nintendo Gamecube easily fits into this category. Its first party titles are fantastic like Super Mario Sunshine, Mario Party, The Legend of Zelda The Windwaker,  and Metroid Prime, ext. Not to mention multiple other titles such as Star Wars Rogue Leader and Yugioh FalseBound Kingdom. The design might be a bit off putting to some but I personally think it looks cool. The controllers are very user friendly. I highly recommend this console to retro nerds and regular gamers a like.
3	B00005QEFF	I really enjoy the Gamecube for all the great games that's been released on it recently.  Do not listen to some of the fanboys from the other consols that tell you "Xbox/ps2" is better because it has a DVD player.  When you put into consideration that this system is also the least pricey system, you should have enough money left over to buy the DVD player of your choice.  In terms of games, the raw selection comes only second to ps2 (which has been out much longer)- where games like resident evil 2 and METROID Prime, as well as recent exclusive contracts from squarsoft insure a steady flow of quality titles to choose from.  Compare that with Halo- the only decent Xbox game out there (which happens to also be the worst selling system) and you would see why during the holiday season, everyone finds the Gamecube so much more attractive.
3	B00005QEFF	Camecube is fun, it has many games to select from and it is very kid oriented and friendly with enough variety for both young and old.  Up to four player capability is great!
3	B00005QEFF	Awesome Game system!!! My old one wasn't working so I went to buy another one and Loved it!!! Buy it!!! Recommendation: Everyone. Electric Bird Out!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005QEFF	I am thrilled to have bought gamecube when MGS: The Twin Snakes was released. I bouoght GC just for this game and now I can honestly tell all of you that no doubt GC is supposedly for kids (that's what a lot of people say) but I can guarantee you it is not. Since having my GC, I bought Resident Evil Zero, Resident Evil Remake, 2, 3 and Finally The most awesome game ever to released RE: 4. I had so much fun and enjoyment playing GC. Not a moment did I experience problems with the console. It had surpassed my expectation and will forever keep me entertained. I did also purchase Price Of Persia 2 and enjoyed it very much. Do not underestimate the power of GC. The graphics are stunning and unbelievable.... I have no regrets whatsoever and certainly am recommending GC to everyone.... Try it!!! You won't believe what it can do. GC is portable and light... Up to 4 players can play at the same time for those who love multiple players game. This is next to PS2... Love it!!! High Praise 4 NINTENDO GAMECUBE!!!
3	B00005QEFF	it was practically almost new. i came as described and works perfectly. the gamecube is truly a classic game machine
3	B00005QEFF	My Grandson wanted his own Gamecube. Because his Sister did'nt want to Share her's with him. So i bought him his own game
3	B00005QEFF	Nintendo Gamecube: small, portable, great graphics, lovely sound, clean fun games and just plain fun. This system is misjudged in so many levels.1-It is not a toy. A $300 piece of Nintendo Material is NOT a children's toy. There are awesome games, and there is a big variety: 381 or so the last time i checked.2-Just because there are a few games for 4-5 year olds like powerpuff girls or something like that. At most 35 games out of the 400 are as childish as everyone says they are.3-the controllers are awesome for most of the games. Theyre small, with big buttons, small joystick and the best quality around. Sure it doesnt have the huge controller like xbox or the long one like ps2, but thats far from the best part of it.Graphics 8/10 The grahics are basically upgraded greatly from N64. They arent ones of X-BOX's, but they're playable and in many games, they are awesome. Metroid prime for example, look at that! That in my opinion has the best graphics in gamecube. Graphics are okay, but they're not microsofts greatest ones of all time.Gameplay: 10/10 for most games 8/10 for others. The gameplay of Gamecube is overall amazing. One game can keep you playing all night. But more or less, Gamecube's games are the best for multiplayer. Super Smash Brothers Melee, one of the best games for X-BOX, is remarkable for multiplayer. Hours and hours of gameplay and it never gets boring; one one catch, ONLY if you play with friends. The single player function of this game is week. it isnt as well made as the SSB 4 N64. There are also single player long games too, metroid prime, mystic heroes, splinter cell, 007 nitefire, and many more. Basically, the gameplay is great; for most games. If you want to have fun this is the best system to get. But for the hardcore gamer, more complicated games in XBOX and PS2 are much better. However, recently FF7 is coming to GC too, so gamecube might come out with some great RPG's too.Controllers:Controls: 8/10 This system is obviously made for kids age 8-17, and the controller reflects that. The controls are easy to figure out, but from N64, they take a while to get used to. For games like Splinter Cell and 007, GC contoller is not the greatest.Comfort 10/10: small, easy to configure with the big buttons small joysticks. An ideal controller.Overall: 9/10: This controller is very good for most of the games on GC and it is very easy to use. However, it may be too small or not complicated enough for adults.Discs: 7/10: 3 inches in diameter COME ON! I've mistaked doughnuts for that size! They are small, not SUPER-HUGE cartriges, lightweight and very easy to put in the GC. But there is one catch: they are small, therefore they are easy to lose and hard to find if you do lose them. If you have a pile of old CDs and it happens to be lost somewhere in there, stop, get ready for half an hours work to find it.Sound: 10/10: best, it has the best sound system out of the three.Difficulty: N/A this cannot be rated, it depends all on the gamer, but it is mostly based for people age 8-17.Length: Lots of games are based for multiplayer: so those are not very long in single player. But some hard games like Resident Evil, Metroid Prime, Mystic Heroes, Final Fantasies (coming soon), Splinter Cell, nitefire and many others ull have to find out urself.General: 10/10 for most people. What is a gamecube based for? It's not for Running ur stupid CDs and Music. They have obviously concentrated DIRECTLY on the games. So you can be SURE that the gameplay and the overall of this is great. I highly recommend it.
3	B00005QEFF	This game system is the best!! I originally bought it used to save money. After a year or so it stopped working once and a while. I put the game in and turned it on and it didn't register that there was a game in there. I had to turn it on and wait for a whistle and lift up the lid until after an hour of trying it worked again for the playing session. It turned out that it is a relatively common problem for the laser to become unfocused. I had to buy a new gamecube and have not had problems since I bought it 2 years ago. The games are usually pretty good and the graphics are sometimes good. The controllers if left upside down on accident can get stuck in a position and can get ruined. But I don't recommend getting it now that Nintendo leaves it's old customers in the dust and stop making the Gamecube and it's games. The N64 lasted a lot longer than the Gamecube. Because of Nintendo you are forced to buy the Wii or the other newest game systems. If I wrote this about 5 years ago I would have said get the Gamecube. But now it would just be a waste of money. Save your money for an Xbox 360 or a Wii.
3	B00005QEFF	While the Xbox boasts better processing power and the PS2 has more games, the Gamecube really comes across as the most fun console of the three.  And Nintendo is the master of creating games that are pleasant to look at and to play.  The Mario series is just addictive, as are many other Nitendo franchises.  Third-party support is a bit thin compared to the PS2 and the Xbox, but you do get top-notch games like Resident Evil (admittedly a bit &quot;old&quot; at this point).  And the Cube is so cute!  I think it's unfair to dismiss this as a console for kids only.  It has a supercomputer-like CPU and games like Metroid Prime look better than anything on the Xbox or PS2.  Plus this is the most affordable console of the three platforms.  I got one last year and haven't touched the other two since.
3	B00005QEFF	Great old game system that was given a bad rap, and phased out well before its time. It's a pity that there weren't more games made for this system.
3	B00005QEFF	I waited in line on the launch day to get this system so I am a Nintendo fan.  I also own the PS2 and the Xbox.  My review is for someone who doesn't own any of the three and is considering buying one of the systems.Gamecube is small, but surprisingly the graphics that it can produce are at least as good, if not better (I was actually quite surprised by this.)  It is definitely the most kid friendly of the three systems but that doesn't mean that it is just for kids.  Nintendo is known for putting out great video games which you can only play on Nintendo systems so if you want to play Mario, Zelda, Metroid Prime (which I feel is the greatest game I ever played) or Pikmin, you need to buy the GC.The controller is ergonomic but for fighting games and some sports titles, the button layout does not work.  (I have seen controller converters where you can use the PS2 controller with the GC so you might want to look into that.)This system does not play DVDs.  Again it is a game console and does not try to be a multi-functional entertainment system.  I am somewhat disappointed that Nintendo is slow in producing games.  The games are great but it seems like they put out maybe 5-8 great titles per each console generation and then it becomes obsolete.  Look what happened to the N64.Pros: The cream of the crop games on this system are masterpieces. Won't have to worry about your kids playing Grand Theft Auto on this system.  Surprisingly good graphics and a $... price tag.  The hardware is probably the most reliable out of the three.Cons: There aren't too many cream of the crop games.  YOU can't play Grand Theft Auto.  Virtually no online gaming whatsoever.  Can't double as a DVD player.  The controller is not universally suitable for all games.
3	B00005QEFF	I've owned a purple Gamecube since it was released back in 2001. I have played it a ton until the Wii came out, since the Wii can play Gamecube games. If you are looking to buy a Gamecube get The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker, Metroid Prime 1 & 2, Mario Kart Double Dash, and Super Smash Brother Melee, just to get started.
3	B00005QEFF	Came in nice condition!! Had it for a few years and it still runs like a charm!!
3	B00005QEFF	Im mostly a computer gamer, but I also have this system. I find it hard to find good games that arent RPG or adventure. Mariokart and madden are a few of the games ive been able to find for this system. What I like about this system, is its cheap price and portability. I can easily move it within a couple of minutes to another TV. The graphics are not as good as XBOX, but they are satisfying. Overall, I think this system is good, but its library needs a touch-up.
3	B00005QEFF	I love the Gamecube! If it weren't for my mom messing up, i never ever would have nintendo, I would have playstation. Good thing she messed up! Anyway, the Gamecube has just as good graphics and games as Xbox and PS2, but, it has a way cheaper price. so which one would you buy? Gamecube started out more for kids, but now it still has a lot of kid games, it now has plenty of teen. A fare ammount of mature games, cause you don't want to many. The last thing about is the games are small, so they are harded to wreck, good for the younger kids. I'll say it again, I love the Gamecube!
3	B00005QEFF	First of all, the reason I chose this system over X Box and Playstation 2 were the franchises. Titles like Super Smash Bros,Super Mario Sunshine,The Legend Of Zelda The Windwaker,F Zero GC,Sonic Adventure,etc.While those are great games,the best reason to own a Game Cube is the Game Boy Player. In addition to Game Cube games the system can now also play Game Boy,Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance games. That means you can play great titles like F Zero,Super Mario,Sonic Advance 1 and 2,Yoshi's Island and Kirby's Nightmare In Dreamland to name a few.I strongly recommend this to anyone who is serious about gaming.
3	B00005QEFF	I haven't owned a Nintendo product since the Super Nintendo many years ago, when Sony introduced the original PlayStation they won me because of the CD-ROM media format, excellent graphics (at the time) and the support for well known third-party developers. But the second time around Sony hasn't made the splash with me they did years ago, don't misunderstand, the PlayStation 2 and the XBox have some incredible titles, but these systems are bulky and cost a lot more than I'm willing to pay. Also, I have small children and I want a system that's kid friendly, but also has a game catalog to support my taste. Gamecube was the only one that fit that bill.To me Gamecube has the most compelling exclusive titles, trademark games like: Metroid, Mario, Zelda, etc.. are being done justice on the new platform, the GameCube Metriod game is the most outstanding console game I've ever played. In addition to Nintendo's exclusive's Sega is porting more exlcusive titles to Gamecube than any other system they develop for. True it doesn't have a DVD drive, but the truth is, DVD doesn't do much for games, it just provides more storage space (mostly wasted on prerendered movie scenes). The inclusion of the DVD drives on XBox and PS2 are keeping their prices up and their systems bulky. Consider Gamecube.
3	B00005QEFF	We got this for our kids a couple of years ago after my husband's original Nintendo died.  We got a great deal on it and it's great!  We have not gotten the Wii, but may in the future.  We have enough games to keep the kids happy with the GameCube and it's got superior graphics and runs complex games.  For the price of it compared to the other game systems out there, this is the best deal for your money with great graphics and high tech systems.We've been very happy with this system and are glad we bought it for the kids.  We are firm believers of Nintendo and their products.  We will continue to purchase Nintendo in the future.
3	B00005QEFF	Nintendo have always been known for quality wheather it be their hardware or software.  I have owned the platinum cube for about 8 months.  This really is a fun system that uses 3" discs that store quite a bit of info (although not as much as xbox or PS2 which use dvd style discs.)  The Cube sports a wide and vast number of games for different gamers.  I got mine for $99.99 and don't regret buying it.  I have heard Nintendo have stopped producing the cube to make way for their new console (a shame) So if you haven't yet checked the cube or are curious for the current price its a steal and a good oppertunity to add Zelda Mario F-Zero and countless other games that are exclusive to Nintendo.  Oh and while your at it get the wireless wavebird controller for maximum fun.
3	B00005QEFF	GameCube is still  fun to play. Sure the new systems do more but the games on this system are still enjoyable and inexpensive. I bought a controller two pack with it so I could play 4 player.
3	B00005QEFF	The GameCube is a very well rounded console. It manages to balance good kids games, good family games, and good mature games without tipping the scale in any direction. The N64 also did this very well, which is something that the Wii and WiiU cannot say. Whether you grew up with a GameCube, like Nintendo or retro games, or are an avid casual or party gamer, I would definitely recommend this console for you. Out of all the Nintendo consoles, the GameCube is 4th best out of 9.
3	B00005QEFF	I have had many game systems over the years, while the Super NES will always be on the top of my list of best console ever.  The GameCube is not all that far behind.  Nintendo has games that are the best developed/designed/Mascots/etc. and that is something Sony and Microsoft can't claim.  I own both the PS2 and Xbox as well, but on days I don't know what I want to play I find myself playing games like Mario, Zelda, Donkey Kong...(The list goes on and on).  The GameCube is an excellent second console if you already own one of the others.  Nintendo made the GameCube to be powerful but inexpensive, [less expensive] than the other two.  Don't be fooled by FanBoys out there that will tell you the cube is for kids, it has the horsepower to keep up with the PS2 and is close with the Xbox.  Yes it might not look like the coolest thing or have DVD player installed, but it can play games and does it GREAT!!!  Also don't miss playing the 2002 Game of the Year, Metroid Prime, because you can only play it on a 'Cube.
3	B00005QEFF	XBox? PS2? Gamecube? Where to look?By now you probably own all three, or at least have in the past. But if not, and you're considering the Gamecube, listen up.The Nintendo GameCube, in my opinion, is the best console out of all three competitors on the current market. Its simple fool-proof design is the sturdiest, longest-lasting, and best looking of all the consoles. 90% of the time you will never have a single problem with the Gamecube. The other systems have about a 40-60% problem percentage. That's risking a lot for a console that you could easily spend a whole paycheck on.Who HASN'T heard the horror stories about PS2's going bad for no reason? Maybe it wasn't the laser that quit working, or just plain stopped reading discs; but perhaps it was one of the PHYSICAL components that broke, like the CD tray or perhaps the cooling fan. You don't have to worry about anything like that with the Nintendo Gamecube.So let's consider the XBox. Well, there's Halo...Halo 2...and well, I think that's about it. Sure you have the average racing games and the sports games, and you can probably store more than 1,000 CDs worth of MP3s on the unit, but let's face it - unless you're a hardcore FPS (first person shooter) fan, you're not going to be satisfied with the XBox.So what does the Gamecube have to offer? Oh, so much. There's so many secrets that so painfully few people have had the pleasure (or patience) of finding. On the outside, the Gamecube looks like a system geared towards the youth between the ages of 6-12. But upon further examination, you find that these "kiddie" games aren't so kiddie after all! They're actually quite fun.No, I'm not saying you should swear off "Devil May Cry" and fall in love with "Dora The Explorer", but you would be pleasantly surprised at many of the excellent titles that this console has to offer. Mario, Zelda, Final Fantasy, and who could forget the Resident Evil releases? Games like "Toadstool Tour" will have you laughing comically at the cute characters and their "moves" - but at the same time you'll be ooohing and ahhing at the beautifully rendered backgrounds and smooth gameplay. Other famed titles like "Zelda : The Wind Waker" scored an average of 97/100 from numerous, numerous reputable sources. NINETY-SEVEN out of 100. Can you say Wow? And let's not forget the Resident Evil series. This is the whole reason I bought the console, and for the most part, these RE games do not disappoint.So while the Gamecube may not have hundreds and hundreds of titles that the PS2 and XBox have to offer, the quality of games certainly makes up for it. The added reliability factor of the Gamecube allows you to comfortably play whenever you please and spend less time worrying about how long the system will last. Many friends of mine have purchased several XBox systems and Playstation 2's, yet they are still on their first Gamecube. It's rather ridiculous how many video game systems these days are built with "cereal box" parts and poor craftsmanship.The crew at Nintendo refused to cut corners or add anything that really shouldn't be there (can anyone say a 60GB hard drive or a built-in DVD Player?), and simply chose remain faithful to the gaming community - excellent move, Nintendo. Any average game tech worth his paycheck knows that it's simply too much workload on a gaming system to have it operate like an all-in-one unit. It's pretty much like having a pack mule pull a passenger vehicle. It's a procedure that's bound to fail - and most of the time it does.Summary -PROS:Elegant, sleek, fool-proof designGreat construction and durabilityQuality gamesBest value on the marketCONS:Limited game libraryNo DVD-capability (if that's your thing; personally I don't care)Only one Final Fantasy title available for the system ;-)(...)
3	B00005QEFF	Upon its launch, the horizons for the GameCube were extremely dim. The software that launched with the system wasn't enough to sway anybody into believing that Nintendo was serious about this one. However, early last year, Nintendo got a serious financial wake up call and realized the Cube's game lineup needed a homefield advantage. Enter some of the most amazing and under-appreciated video games of all-time: Mario Sunshine, Animal Crossing, Star Fox Adventures, Metroid Prime, and Mario Party 4. Nintendo is now serious. Their Designers are working late to give the Cube some seriously awesome titles and staying power. If you are weighing systems it has some prime advantages:- The 5 Games listed above- A library of well into 200 games (most people don't realize this)- The cost advantage (even the soon to be replaced PS2 costs more)- A superior controller that you can actually hold onto (attention xbox)- A solely game platform (no DVD feature requiring another purchase)- It's not just an "entertainment appliance" it's actually fun age indifferent My sugguestion, if you are really struggling with picking the right system, or if you aren't buying the system for yourself... Consider your/the recipients favorite games as the deciding factor. People who shop for what's hot or brand in systems often loose out when they realize the other system has all the games they want.Well, it's been a while since I wrote this review and I wanted to edit in a few more great game recomendations: Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles was recently released and is a great option for multi-player gaming, and a first for Final Fantasy on the Gamecube. Also, Sonic Heroes is a great action/adventure game with breakneck speed, astounding graphics and a rockin' soundtrack. One last piece of advice: Mario Kart Double Dash! Not only a great multi-player game, but fun on your own as well! Thanks to everybody for the great reviews of this review, I'm glad it was helpful!PLAY ON!
3	B00005QEFF	GameCube isnt that good. Heres the good and the bad.Good:Its the cheapest.You could play clasic games like Mario.Its the most portible.It has four player.Bad:Its better fou younger kids like 5.It has the least amount of games.Its not a DVD player or a CD player.You have to buy a memory card.Most of the games are cortoons.
3	B00005QEFF	Today I finally purchased a gamecube from a local retailer on sale for just 97$ w/ a free game, Metroid Prime 2(50$ game currently). I figured I then only paid 47$ for the system itself adding in the bundle. (I really wanted the metroid 2 echoes game too) I chose the metallic "platinum" color over the ugly plain jane black one. For me nintendo has far too many kiddie games and just a couple I'd be interested in, but my wife and kid like all the kiddie stuff and I already own an XBOX & PS2 that have more games for the teen/adult gamer. The 3 systems will entertain our family until the hype ends over the upcoming "next-gen" systems (Revolution, 360, & PS3)and they have price drops into 100-150$ each and have 20$ games available as well. If you get a gamecube I'd suggest adding the 1019 memory card for it(30$) and also an S-Video cable from monster cable. I really like the compact size of the gamecube, but I don't really care for the akward styling of it's controller very much, the N64's controller was pretty weird too w/ it's "3rd leg". It's also nice to see nintendo finally using discs instead of old-school cartridges. I was considering a Nintendo DS, but I couldn't justify spending more for a portable system w/ less powerful graphics than a highly rated home console like the gamecube. Maybe the DS will have a price drop down to what the advantage costs now(80$). The PSP is way too overpriced for me to even consider it and it's weak battery life and fragile LCD are major drawbacks to me. Anyways I'm happy w/ my decision, the gamecube is a quality system and you can get a system and games cheap now.
3	B00005QEFF	This is a wonderful console, for all ages (not only kids), with awesome games and stuff.THis beats any other gaming console by a mile. the controller is easy to use, great games, great graphics. Best console
3	B00005QEFF	Fantastic console, I have bougt for my son, your first video game, he is very happy.  It is fantastic console.
3	B00005QEFF	I could talk about the Gamecube's impressive power, comfortable controller, sleek design, or great price, but instead I'm going to talk about the games.The bottom line is this: Buying a Gamecube is still the ONLY way to play games with classic characters like Mario, Luigi, Donkey Kong, Samus (Metroid), Link (Zelda), etc.If you have no sense of nostalgia, that might not matter to you, but if you grew up playing classic Nintendo games, you should buy this affordable console just for the pleasure of playing with these characters.One more thing, Nintendo is one of the best SOFTWARE developers around, and the only way to play their games is by buying their system.
3	B00005QEFF	I no longer play video games but my kids love this system.Theres tons of games for it and I admit I play Super Smash Bros Melee with them but I havent played a single player video game in years.Im too busy reading and listening to the radio but for those who have the time its a great system.
3	B00005QEFF	I give this a 5 star rating because it is five star fun, but it is not as good as XBox or PS2.  Obviously Xbox would be the best because of its huge standard memory (which PS2 and GameCube can only dream of) and graphics that are way, way past PS2 and GameCube.  Graphic-wise I am pretty sure even PS2 is better.  Don't get me wrong, GameCube is a super fun system that I want, but I luckily decided XBox was the right way to go.  And if you do to you would never regret it.
3	B00005QEFF	Glazing over some of the other reviews on this page, I've noticed that I'm something of a dinosaur compared to all of the other folks here.  I remember the old Atari 2600 and ColecoVision.  I was ecstatic when the NES first came out.  It had to satisfy my appetite until I made it to college and had friends who owned a Nintendo 64 and I could afford a Sega Genesis.  Then came the Playstation, and I still play that machine to this day.  Now I've finally managed to get my hands on a Nintendo Gamecube, and I have to say it feels pretty good to be playing on a console that reminds me of the good ol' days.Don't get me wrong, I love my Playstation to death, but Nintendo always seemed to focus more on playing games for the fun of it instead of in some sort of worldwide competition.  To me, X-Box and the PS2 are reserved for the gamers who crave competition on a grand scale.  You know, those kinds of guys who just sit in front of the TV for days on end talking about how cool their new weapons are on the latest "Halo" game and how they are the greatest gamer since "Pong" first hit the scene.  They're the same guys who are in their mid-thirties, live at home with their mom and work at a fast food chain to pick-up on fifteen year-old girls who see right through their "cool" image.Gamecube is more of an average guy's version of a video game console.  In other words, folks who know when to put the joystick down and actually go outside for awhile.  It's small size makes it easy to stow away.  The sound and graphics are really good, and, as usual, Nintendo offers some of the best titles that you'll only find on their console such as "Zelda" and "Mario."A lot of people blow this system off as one for the kiddies.  Granted, it does have the best selection of games for the younger crowd, but if you're into heavier, more adult games, the Gamecube offers those as well.  Like others have said, this is a game system and nothing else.  It doesn't play DVDs or CDs, but it concentrates on being what it is, a game console.  Besides, for the price, you just can't beat it.So, if you like to play games for the fun of it but still know that there is more to life than the latest Final Fantasy game, Gamecube is for you.  If you're a little bit more hardcore, you may want to buy one of the other systems.Highly recommended.
3	B00005QEFF	Finally a company that focuses completely on gamers! This system is so worth the money, especially since it's the least expensive out of the other top 2 gaming systems. The graphics are just as good, if not better than PlayStation 2. So they don't have a dvd player built in, the system is less expensive, smaller, has 4 controller ports build in and the game play is great. The only downside is it doesn't go online. I also own the PS2 and wasn't impressed with it at all. The GameCube Rocks!
3	B00005QEFF	I love Gamecube never owned one before, now I have one now its time to game up with Resident evil and Soul Calibur 2.
3	B00005QEFF	I bought my Gamecube a year ago, they were all out of the black ones so I had to settle for indigo. Anyway, this new color is arguably the best and makes the GC look a little more sophisticated and cooler. But that's just on the surface and rather superficial. I'm not writing this to convince you to get a GC based on a color, but rather what the machine has going for it.Last year, I would've rated the GC only 4 stars at best due to the lack of great games and no built-in cd/dvd player to tide me over till the great games came along. But this year, with all the games available and coming up, to use a game machine for anything other than playing great games is ludicrous. Seriously, if you bought a next-generation game machine to mainly play your music cd's or watch a movie, you basically bought the wrong machine to play games with didn't you? But I'm not here to put down the PS2 or X-Box, just to point out why you'll be too busy playing games to worry about anything else.Here's why it's essential you pick up a Gamecube this year if you didn't last year:* There are more games available this holiday season than last, from ports(Tony Hawk, Madden, X-Men, college sports games, etc) to exclusives, the GC will have most of your needs.* Nintendo carries on the tradition of fun multiplayer games: Godzilla's Destroy All Monsters Melee, Super Smash Brothers Melee, Mario Party 4, Bomberman, etc, not to mention upcoming ones like Mario Kart for GC(you know you want it)* Powerhouse exclusives like the Zelda, Metroid, Resident Evil franchises not to mention certain specific Star Wars and Sonic games.* Bigger emphasis on more 'mature' oriented games like Eternal Darkness, Biohazard, Killer 7, etc.* recent announcement by Capcom that they have 5 exclusive games that seem to be more mature-oriented for the GC(check their web-site out for proof)* Online rpg's like Sega's PSO(although on-line games are still rare and new to the GC, it is possible), excellent fighters like Soul Calibur 2, racers like 1080 and F-Zero X(Sega's doing this one!), and while Rare says goodbye Namco will take over and make the next Star Fox game, a new Final Fantasy-esque game from Square for GC, plus popular ports of games once thought exclusive to other systems like Capcom vs SNK 2, Medal of Honor, Baldur's Gate, Wreckless, Splinter Cell, Dead to Rights, Blood Omen 2, Red Faction 2, etc.* The GC has the first major wireless controller(the wavebird) available for any system and works perfectly.* Certain GC games can be connected to or interact with certain games on your GB Advance(i don't own a GBA so i haven't even enjoyed this aspect yet)* Also, I've noticed the fan-noise is a little quieter on the GC and the load times are a little shorter on the games(on average, generally speaking). Plus, the durability of a Nintendo built product(one year with my GC, no problems yet; and I'm sure a few of you still have working NES's and Super NES's to back up my claim of Nintendo-made durability).* recent announcement of a Gameboy adaptor that allows you to play thousands of Gameboy/color/advance games on your GC!!In closing, if you thought the GC was just a toy, or just for kids, think again. Some great games are here, and some even better ones are around the corner. To be honest, I'm very pleased to see Nintendo trying harder to build up their game library(already more varied than the N64's imo) and working hard with some major companies to get some quality games(Capcom's 5-game deal, Sega's ports of their major franchises, joint effort with Namco on Star Fox, ports of rpg's and fighting games--both genres of which suffered on the N64, and the return of Squaresoft incl. an exclusive rpg).  But I bought the GC mainly for their world-class exclusives that only GC owners can play. If you can go one-generation in the gaming world without revisiting Link and Hyrule, holding those hours-long multiplayer sessions of Mario Kart or SSB Melee, or finally getting your hands on the new adventure in Metroid Prime...then you have much more restraint than me.  But if you want pure gaming addiction, memories, and fun, do yourself a favor and pick up a great system, at a great price, for great gaming value.
3	B00005QEFF	I own all three next-gen game systems, and by far, this is the one I use the most. I have played only a few good PS2 games, and zero good Xbox ones, but nearly every game I own for Gamecube is a winner.Yes, I am well aware that it cannot go online. Who cares? If you want to mindlessly battle over and over, on and on, over an ISP, go ahead and skip this console. But if you want true gaming brilliance in GC-exclusive titles like The Wind Waker, Paper Mario 2, Pikmin, Animal Crossing, Super Mario Sunshine, Metroid Prime, and every other amazing game that is available solely on this system, then I welcome you to the crowd of real gamers. Gamers who appreciate art and innovation in development, not pretty graphics and a bunch of shotguns.The bottom line is, if you don't buy this, you will never experience some of the most beloved franchises of gaming in all their next-gen splendor, nor will you witness the birth of countless promising new intellectual properties.Therefore, I declare the GameCube the system for the true gamer. The gamer who would rather play a real adventure on an older console than a slapped-together fragfest on an advanced graphics engine. The gamer who would rather live through an emotional adventure in single-player than play hundreds of identical battles with their friends. The gamer who shakes their head sadly whenever another exclusive deal or hostile buyout is announced, knowing that it only results in less originality.Does the gamer described above sound like you? Then buy this (but then again, if you're like that, you probably already own this console). Now, if you'll excuse me, this hardcore gamer has to go remove the letters E and A from her keyboard in protest.
3	B00005QEFF	dont listen to those who badmouth the gamecube ... i bought my gamecube only for the zelda games ... i looove the zelda games ... there are a load of choice of games which are cool ... mario cart is awesome zelda is the best luigi's mansion is awesome ... super smash bros melee is awesome ... the gamecube has it all .... im 19 and my brother laughed when i bought it ... now he's always asking me how to get past certain bosses in zelda
3	B00005QEFF	The Nintendo GameCube.  The first thing you'll probably say when you see this system is, "I didn't know it was that small!"  But please, don't pass this one by because of it's size.  This system is incredible, and the indigo color looks great.  Sure, it may not be the most powerful or have the most games (yet), but it sure is fun!I've had my GameCube since the day it came out, and I still play it nearly every day, if I get the chance.  The system is just so fun, and you would never think that cute little thing on the ground in front of your television would be capable of creating such a great time.I'll start with the controller.  This controller is the best ever.  It fits nearly perfect in any size hands, and it causes no pain at all to fingers (unless you have arthritis I guess) or hands.  There is now an enlarged "A" button for games where a single button is used often.  The "L" and "R" shoulder buttons now fit perfectly with your index fingers.  There is now a "C-stick" instead of the previous "C" buttons on the N64 controller.  It moves very smoothly.  There are easily accessible "X" and "Y" buttons on top of the "A" button.  The "Z" button has been moved beside the right trigger, and that is probably the single worst part about this controller.  Overall, the controller is excellent, with only one major flaw (the "Z" button).Next, the memory card.  This memory card is alright, but it doesn't really compare to its counterparts.  The XBOX has a hard drive, and the PS2 has a much larger card.  The standard Nintendo-brand memory card carries 59 blocks (hence the name Memory Card 59).  The average GameCube game can use from three to fifteen blocks, but some of the seasons on sports games can be pretty high, with blocks over the limit of the card.  This card definitely needs some improvement, but Nintendo is coming out with the Memory Card 251, with an improved archive of two hundred and fifty one blocks.Now, for what I consider the most important part of a system: the games.  I consider Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II to be the best game for this system at the time.  It combines the classic Star Wars movies with a whole new experience for a ton of fun.  Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is the next best game in my opinion for this system.  Whoever has played the Tony Hawk series in the past must have this game, and whoever has never played this one has to play it.  It is a skateboarding game, but not just any skateboarding game.  It is fun for all players, whether you like skateboarding or not.  The whole Resident Evil series has been and is currently in the process of being remade for the GameCube.  The original Resident Evil is already out, and I rank it the third best game for this system.  Many people have bought a GameCube simply for this game.  It has the best graphics EVER for any system I believe.  These are just three of MANY other great games for this system.  Other greats include Fifa 2002, Pikmin, Super Smash Bros. Melee, NBA Street, SSX Tricky, Super Monkey Ball, and Sega Soccer Slam.  There are many more great games for you to choose from, other than the ones I mentioned.Now, for all you techies like me, I'll give some specs for the system.  You don't have to read this part if you're bored already.  The GameCube uses a Custom IBM Power PC processor (Gekko).  The clock frequency is 485 MHz, and the pixel depth is 24-bit.  The System LSI is a Custom ATI ("Flipper"), and all the sound related functions are incorporated into it.  The real-world polygons (assuming everything is already textured, lit, etc.) are 6-12 million polygons per second.  The media that is used by the GameCube is a 3-inch mini disk that holds approximately 1.5 Gigabytes of data.  There are four controller ports, two memory card slots, two high-speed serial ports, one parallel high-speed port, one analog AV output port, and one digital AV output port.The Nintendo GameCube is an excellent system for all ages.  I would recommend it for anyone who is looking forward to having a good time with any kind of video games.  Whether you've been playing video games all your life, or you are completely new to them, the GameCube is a great system to have.  Nintendo's next-generation system has just received a "Mission Accomplished" in my book.  I hope this review could sway a few opinions about the system.  And no, I am not an XBOX or a PS2 basher.  I love both of those systems too.  Thanks for reading this review.Mark Williams
3	B00005QEFF	This is one of the best 6th generation consoles ever. What I enjoy about the gamecube is the ease of accessing my memory and when I need to delete memory on the memory cards. I know that this console is not as great as the Wii but when this first came out in 2001. It has and had its issues. I've had a couple a problems like for example when I plugged it in it wouldn't start, because I had the Gamecube sitting in a room with too much light coming in it so I unplugged it and took it somewhere where it was a little darker. Also I tend to play my games at night which I hold the belief my system functions better and doesn't have to deal with exposure to light. I love how quiet this system, it makes virtually no noise. Compared to the Wii there about the same but it all depends. I also love some of the accessories that Nintendo made but I will talk about those individually. The model I have is the early 2001 model with the Analog (A/V) and Digital (Component) which I don't use at the moment but might use later down the road which I will be sure to update this review, when I do. I This video game system is awesome so for anyone looking to buy a Gamecube go for it, It's an awesome system also lots of great games to look into. You can check out my reviews for info on games I highly recommend for this system. Also keep in mind on some games that have two discs vs. one disc keep in mind to keep those games especially clean and make sure the system can read them. I already have to buy a new copy of the Lord of the Rings The Third Age on Gamecube since the System was unable to read the discs.
3	B00005QEFF	I first got my game cube when it first came out in 2002. And the game cube is awsome! It has many great games. The game cube graphics are good to. If you by a game cube I hope you like it to.
3	B00005QEFF	buy it ts great a just guot it oh and yes it comes with 1 controller thats the same color as the system oh this a kid review.
3	B00005QEFF	think about this.. .  i have pulled out my NES and Super NES from the closet.. wiped the junk off of them and plugged them in.. some games didnt work right away so i smacked the sysems around for about five minutes and now every game works every time i put it in.. no question about it.the controllers have been thrown and beaten repeatedly, yet they refuse to die.what does this have to do the the Gamecube? well i'll tell you.  so far i have dropped my Gamecube twice. onto hardwood floors from about 1 1/2 feet up. once while i was playing a game it fell onto the floor onto one of its corners, it bounced, and fell to its side in a heap..i wet my pants and assumed the worst, but i noticed that the game was still going on the screen and hadnt even skipped a beat.  i picked up the system and kept right on playing.drop number two - the game cube fell to the wood floor, not while i was playing, and the lid popped open. it came to rest propped up by the open lid, and yet the system works perfectly.. ive never seen a problem with it.the controllers have been dropped countless times, often landing on the joysticks.. yet they perform perfectly. not to mention that the accuracy of the controllers is always amazing. the joysticks are unbeatable.now here is the real test:go turn on your xbox or ps2 and start a game.  then drop the system from 1 ft onto a hardwood floor and let me know what happens.
3	B00005QEFF	This system has to be one of the most affordable ever. Game Boy Advance SP costs the same price, but a console is much cooler.I found tons of deals. At one store there was a mail in rebate, but I also found a deal to buy this system for 50 bucks. I simply trade in an old system, like my old Playstation. Also, i trade in 7 games. You could trade in your N64 and games, but you need the boxes and manuals, which you might not have. But if you have a ps2 like me, then you can simply trade in your old one with some old games that your done with or bored of. I did this at Electronics Boutique.The system doesn't have as many games as Xbox. PS2 has tons of games compared. This system does have better graphics than the PS2, but not as good as the Xbox. Also, my ps2 can play dvds. This system can't. What is good though is that I got it for about the price of 2 games. If you trade in 2 new playstation games for 50 bucks, tahts like, 50 dollars less towards your Gamecube.Gamecube has also sold more than the ps2 because of the price drop. What can this mean? Since it has sold more than the ps2, it will probably have more popularity among companies, and produce more games. I would buy this system while it is cheap and get some games.I reccomend: True Crime(comes out november 7th), Animal Crossing, Metroid Prime, and Burnout.Overall---&gt;5 Stars___&Uuml;l&dagger;&iacute;mt___
3	B00005QEFF	the nintendo gamecube is the best next gen console out there my very first video game console was the ps2 after having the ps2 for many years i hated the technical problems it had so i went and got the xbox 360 i like it but its not my favorite video game console then i got the original xbox and i thought it was the best console ever made i was wrong after buying a n64 and a super nintendo which are great consoles i saw a gamecube and i bought it i loved it after playing the gamecube i cant go back to the ps2 or the xbox it has great games and graphics BUY THE GAMECUBE NOW
3	B00005QEFF	For Nintendo, following up the massive success to Nintendo 64 was absolutely unbelieveable. Considering that Nintendo wanted to actually try to get involved in the CD-ROM gaming scenario, but the problem was rying to make sure that it abstractingly portray the gaming. Mainly, because Nintendo was afraid that people would start bootlegging copies of CD-ROM video games courtesy of thhe software that came out for copying for other game systems like Playstation 2, PS1, Sega's Dreamcast, and the Xbox by Microsoft. So Nintendo tells people to get the system for itself. The Gamecube is absolutely worth the wait.Nintendo's Gamecube, is a compact video gaming system that actually can hold as many as four controllers. The gaming from this system is very revolutionary. The graphics and the speed of the video games is just as equal to the speed of its previous game system, Nintendo 64, right away. What I also like about the Gamecube that the other systems don't have is the compact size. It is so easy to carry around, especially for people who have so much trouble lifting hard and heavy goods. It truly makes it a lot easier to store and have around. The only reason people may not want the Gamecube, is because it doesn't play DVD's like PS2 and Xbox. That shouldn't matter a bit, the system is much better for the games alone.All that I can say is that there should be much more to expect with Nintendo's Gamecube soon. With so many other devices to add to this, like the Game Boy Player, and so many great games coming out, this one has to be the buy.
3	B00005QEFF	This is the choice above all the three consoles.  Excellent games, terrific gaming processing power, and a wide selection of games from an awesome library.  Really, all you need to do is play Metroid Prime to see why this system has the edge.  The realism and detail present in Gamecube games is amazing, and it keeps a steady framerate in most games without skipping a beat.  And, like always, Miyamoto and his mates are churning out innovative games that change the face of videogaming as everyone sees it.  Prime, for instance, shows you a game can have a great sense of adventure and scope even if it is a &quot;first-person shooter.&quot;  Pikmin defies explanation in almost every way, probably best described as a alagamation of Sumer Mario, real-time strategy, and adventure.  Super Smash Brothers is what every fighting game should be- something NEW for a change, with a great control scheme, spot-on graphics, and mayhem that's good for first-timers or the experienced to join.  No mature games.  Bull-friggin-S.  Eternal Darkness is the best example of a Mature-oriented game I've seen in a very long while, with a moody story and dark, engaging overtones.  Terrific system, just get it!
3	B00005QEFF	Once again nintendo has produced what I consider the best console on the market. The big plus of the gamecube is that its games are great. They have the right amount of action and adventure without every game involving universal death and destruction. On top of that the graphics rock! While it doesn't hold a candle to XBox, it's half the price! Also, it beats out PS2 in size and screen. Finally, the gamecube platinum is great. It is your basic gamecube, but in a wonderful platinum color. Sure it's just painted plastic, but it looks so cool, who cares? Overall:Easiness to use/set up: 6/5 - you plug it in, enter the date, and go!Versatility: 4/5 - way too many cablesGraphics: 4.5/5 - not the best, but pretty closeGames: 4.5/5 - not universally appealing, but I like themOverall: 5/5 - the best gaming platform (besides my PC) I own.
3	B00005QEFF	less power than the xbox but twice the graphics power of  the ps2 the gamecube is a sleek little powerhouse that plays tiny little mini discs it doesnt have alot of third party support but has survived because it has some great exclusive games made by nintendos genius programmers like metroid prime 2 that critics say is as good as halo 2 and much longer and the new resident evil 4 only available on gamecube some say its the greatest game ever made with amazing graphics coming soon a new zelda with a grownup link and darker more mature action allready being called the greatest rpg alltime and starfox 2 a game that brings starfox back to its snes shooter roots and many more classic nintendo games are coming in the future though gamecube is in third place in america(selling about 6 million consoles) in japan the gaming capital of the world its in second place and has sold millions more than xbox so dont worry about nintendo going out of buisness they recently released a financial report showing they still are making plenty of money a billion dollars each year off pokemon alone they are almost as wealthy as microsoft and sony and thats pretty amazing considering they are a gaming only company so with that kind of money they were able to sell the gamecube at a reasonable price and since going to $99 the gamecube has been outselling the xbox 3-1 and you can find used gamecubes in great shape for $50 so if you want to play the latest greatest games only on nintendo like resident evil 4 go buy a used gamecube youll be glad you did
3	B00005QEFF	For those of you who have very little kids, this game is very easy to set up and put away.  The game itself is about 7X7X8 inch in dimension, and you only have power, video, and controller cables.  Easy to lock up away from the kids in case you don't want them touching it when you're not around.
3	B00005QEFF	The GC came out with a series of new types of games like animal crossing, and pickman. The graphics are much better than the N64 and the sound is just as good as the new systems. Super smash bros melee graphics look almost as good as the wii's and that was one of the first games that came out for the GC. The mario party is much better than the N64s. I like the controlers much better than the n64 because it is more like all of the other systems. This is also the first nintendo system that had discs unstead of carts'. And they are also mini which makes it handier. I love how the GC is mini because it is eaiser to carry around and take places. The GBA hook up is fun to use on the games are can use them on. This console has a new beginging of many schemes like the game boy player which allows you to hook up your gameboy and play your game boy, color, and advance games with a custom border to choose from. You even get to use the gamecube controller on the games. This is a very handy item that only cost 10 to 20 bucks and it adds 1 inch to height to the bottom of the gamecube. The gamecube also has the gameboy hook up cable which allows you to do many things on many games such as animal crossing lets you play a different type of animal crossing game on the gameboy that is awesome. Harvest moon has a feature, Zelda wind waker gives you hints while playing it, and many more. Metroid rose from the dead because it was not on the N64 and everybody was shocked to see that it came back out on this and in first person unsted of a side scroller!!! The gamecube also has four controller slots like the 64 which is handy and many more features........Small dics, handy size, many great games, great graphics, and many things for it. This is a awesome system.
3	B00005QEFF	So... your going out searching for the perfect gaming system that will best suite your needs? Unless you're some 40 year old guy nerd who's more interested in playing mindless army games than classics like Zelda and Mario then I suggest you look no further. The gamecube is no doubt the best  one out there.1. Games: The Gamecube has a total of lemme see.....just about 180 games!!! Xbox aint even close...it only has around 90-110 games...and all of them are just army and sports games with a few others tossed in the mix. Playstation 2 games are usually just average games that nobody really cares about, and if they are any good, than they're also available for GC and Xbox. Gamecube carries the classics we love so much and some new originals like Animal Crossing, Pikmin, and Metroid Prime along with the popular games on every console like Tony Hawk and James Bond.2. Controls: Gamecube controls are the most natural, comfortable controls I've ever played on. It's like you never have to look down at to see which button you're supposed to press. If you have big hands though...I'd suggest buying the wireless controls instead. The PS2 controls are basically square and the symbols are kinda weird. Xbox has controllers that are too big. And they put all the buttons into two rows which makes it harder to use.3. Graphics: Gamecube has very smooth, bright graphics. The games run very smoothly as long as you take care of your disks...which you also have to do for Xbox and Playstation 2. The PS2 has squarer graphics and according to my computer expert uncle, is way behind Gamecube and Xbox. Xbox has basically the same visual capabilties as the GC.4. Overall:Gamecube: The GC has original games that you can't find on any other system, amazing graphics and easy to use controls, and it's lightweight and easy to carry around. And dont forget FUN!!Playstation 2: PS2 has average games, average controls, and is overall just an average machine. It does have a DVD player but if you really wanted to watch DVDs, just buy a normal DVD player (it'll work better).Xbox: Big and ... controls, a big, ..., and heavy machine, and the same old army games ( Halo ain't bad though). I do have to give it credit for it's online capabilities. Definitely for male teenagers and nerds who wanna play other nerds online. NOT a family game console!!!All in all Gamecube is you're best overall choice!!!
3	B00005QEFF	Okay,I agree with you,this system is sort of childish. But the what you call "childish games" are suppose to be fun for adults. Let me give you some examples.Mario Kart: Double Dash!!: My mom loves this game!Super Monkey Ball: Fun for all ages (and adults)There's millions and millions of examples,too much.Now that I've told you why you are wrong,let me tell why you are right. Okay,I goota admit,there is didly squat of rated M games,and Rated T games are like rated E. Overall,this system is great. I'd reccomend it. If you have have some extra cashola,buy the best system of the year,DS. Make sure to get SM64 DS as well.P.S X-Box and PS2 stunk,I like Play Station better then the newies.
3	B00005QEFF	Of the three systems out now; the PS2, XBox, and Gamecube; the Gamecube outshines the XBox, but doesn't quite match the power of the PS2.  The Gamecube is much smaller than the XBox, meaning it doesn't take up a lot of room to set up.  There is no DVD cabability present, but if you allready own a DVD player it isn't a big loss, plus online capability is on its way.  Not to mention that the Gamecube is the cheapest system around right now.  The first party games are naturally top notch; games like Super Smash Bros. Melee, Pikmin, and the upcoming Super Mario Sunshine and the new Metroid and Zelda games are great, plus Capcom's classic Resident Evil series is Gamecube exclusive, and Sega's Dreamcast classics Skies of Arcadia and Phantasy Star Online are on their way as well.  However, the controler is rather clumsy in design, but if you can get past that there is no problem except the fact that the Gamecube doesn't have as much third party support as the PS2.  All in all, you really can't go wrong with a Gamecube, but the PS2 still outshines it by far.
3	B00005QEFF	A lot of people think that the Gamecube is just a toy..well, if you want to get figurative, then, yes, it is. But realistically, it is a very powerful machine worthy of hype and expectation. I've seen things like this in reviews: Pros: Good graphics, bla bla bla, and best controller...BEST CONTROLLER? Yes, it has a great controller, but that is a personal opinion, not a fact. So let's state the facts...1.) Better texturing abilities than (...)2.)Comfy controller design to most, but odd button layout to many more.3.)Simply a gaming system, no extra features. (good or bad)4.)Many recognizable characters, but almost no character development for years...Mario, very enjoyable, but always re-hash.5.)Smallest polygon count, but good textures means game looks good up close, but large scale levels will hammer the system.6.)Smallest game selection of all, but many recognizable faces.All in all the Gamecube is a competetor in the console world, if you want to pay for a game system and that's ALL, then get the gamecube, otherwise you'll be paying for a DVD player/music machine, yada yada yada, when chances are, you already have all of that. The best information I can give anyone is this: Games and systems have come quite a way since the beginning...genres have been defined, inroduced, and defined again, franchises have been made, series have all developed across every platform that people know and love...theres always a few good series on every game system...so buy every one. PS2, Xbox, and Gamecube. That way you'll get Mario, Sonic, and Halo to play. Truth be told-if you are sticking with one system, no matter which one it is-you're missing out on something else.
3	B00005QEFF	Has anyone noticed that Xbox and playstation are nintendo wannabes, huh?  Yeah get this, playstation was made in the 90's (I hate sony so why should i know the playstation's release date) and the xbox was made in the 21st century.  For those who don't know jack about nintendo, they were even in business in the 1800's!  Yeah, fools, what now! Yeah, sure they were making cards at that time but they still made games long before sony and microsoft. you know when that was? the 1980's! Haha now what, fools!  oh yeah, nintendo provides the classics, like (dundun) MARIO!!!  Betcha xbox and playstation mortals never thought that, of all stars, mario was a legend.A'ight, y'all say you won't buy this system cuz its purple. HELLO! ITS INDIGO, A PURPLISH BLUE! Besides, purples a pretty cool color. Plus, you fools who criticized GCN for being purple, it also comes in black and silver! Huh! Pick those!The controller is also good.  In Playstation's, you have triangle on top, square on bottom, circle on left, x on right, 2 Ls and 2 rs (which is pointless)).In xbox, a's on top, b's on bottom, x's on left, y's on right, black and white (which are painful to reach).The gamecube's buttons are easy to learn because you can't mix buttons up. you know that A's the big one, b's the small one, and x and y are the kidney shaped ones. on xbox and playstation, you cant tell if triangle's left or right. it takes a month to memorize.And, M rated games are only for adults, while E rated games can be for Everyone!  With the majority of xbox and ps2 fans being adults and the majority of nintendo fans being, well, everyone, I don't know how those xbox and gaystation, i mean, *coughs*, PLAYstation people can keep the f*** up.REKANIZE!!!P.S.  You Xbox and Gaystation, i mean...(oh f*** it) fools only judge games because of violence and the letter M.  What happened to the word "fun", people?  Why do you say "peace" as a greeting when you're into gore? F*** Sony!  F*** Microsoft!  Buy Nintendo!
3	B00005QEFF	since the day i heard gamecube will arrive i could not wait!! although ps2 and xbox would come out with dvd player, music and better graphics than nintendo i did not care at all. my mom told me to get a ps2 because it had dvd but no i didnt even think about changing. at school all my friends teased me and said ps2 is better. HAH!!! i still did not give a hoot. my mind was fixed on nintendo. every night till the day it came out i was dreaming of how luigis mansion and mostly super smash bros melee would be like. the more i though the more i was filled with joy. who cares if x box has beter graphics who cares if ps2 has vice city. nintendo always has something no one else has. a special gift no other system besides nintendo can ever touch!! nintendo had the ability to make vice city but they did not. because gamecube has the power to make these lovable caracters that make u fill up with joy when u play them. the speacial feeling of the games r great in a way. either having a 4 player frenzy with ur buds or helping mario beat bowser gamecube will always bring fans closer in a way.every game of nintendo is colorful and fun because its all about gameplay. look at x box good graphics but not many good games. gamecube has good enough graphics but while having the best games ever!! every game for this system is fun and challenging at same time. its also small so u can fit it easily and carry it around!! best part is once again it is 4 playable and a good controller. ps2 is good controller but no multipayer with 4 people with out a multi ytap. x box 4 player but horrific controller at times!!! nintendo has been around awhile and stay because fans want more of these caracters. looking at gamecube it looks babyish but behold a dark side to the system. while so called "baby games" that adults still like are supposedly for kids they have M rated games. eternal darness, resident evil series(bloody game like this proves its not babyish), a new perfect dark, turok evolution, bmx xxx, and much more. game cube releases speacial fun games such as super smash bros melee, legend of zelda, mario part series, animal crossing, wario world and stuff like that so u can stick ur tongue out at other system owners. also they wish they had rsident evil tooo. so go ahead and stick ur tongue out again at the gore fans and the ones who call this system babyish. also gamecube does not actually have bad graphics it can push the system when it needs to. look at splinter cell and resident evil gamecube pushed the graphics so good it looks like x box!!! nintendo came out great but then it started going down. i knew this would happen. now gamecube is in 3rd place which is last but i trust nintendo i know that some where there is a energy locked up that will be used. i dont know when but it is released gamecube is #1 again!!! i trust them so much that i sold my ps2 . although i never played it a lot i had it for a couple of games. but then it struck me y should i get ps2 for a couple games when nintndo has all the games!!! trusting nintendo then and now i sold my ps2. and with the power of online and the games of game cube this system will be the best system for online!! the fist system i ever played was super nintendo when nintendo 64 came i bough it when it was exactly new. i bought it for 300 dollars. all my friends said i was stupid when they came to my house and played they started coming everyday. since then i buy every nintendo system without a doubt. so the bottom line is  its not that game cube that isnt rocking its the haters and players  that arent. stick with gamecube. if i can trust them so can u. and its cheap price tooo!!!! c i love gamecube so much i wrote too much!!! HAHAHAHA!!!! also i try to prove to my friends that gamecube is better by keeping a folder of gamecube stuff. from great games to capabilities, accesories and the down fall and rise of gamecube.
3	B00005QEFF	Almost in NEW condition, it has no technical problems and comes with pretty much all you need to stick a game in and start (Well, that is if you have a game, controller, and memory card.).
3	B00005QEFF	When Nintendo came out with this little purple (or black, or platinum) box called the Gamecube, most people's first thoughts were of how small it was, how odd the controller looks, and how kiddie the games are.  This led to people thinking it was a bad system, and even as far as to say it didn't belong in the class of the XBOX and PS2.  Well, people mis-judged, as this tiny little machine out-does in almost every category the PS2, and in some aspects, the XBOX.1. The system: The GC is easily better than the DC or the PS2 for these 3 simple reasons.  1) It's small, compact, and yet twice as powerful as either of the other 2.  This little cube has enough graphics power to dish out beautiful, splashing water, sharp fighting details, sweat dripping from athletes faces, and fiery eruptions that will make u put your hands over your eyes.  This thing can bring a convincing world to your screen, and is highly reccomended for anyone buying a game system for kids younger than 8, and even those of 8-14.  "Why?" is this not reccomended for adults.  It's not that it isn't a good system, or that it doesn't have good games.1) The games are aimed at kids, not adults.  Ok, sure, any Mario game or Donkey Kong adventure can entertain an adult for a few hours.  But it just looses interest, as the computer AI isn't very good, the riddles aren't very challenging, and the skill required to beat them isn't going to make you work very hard.  Most adults also don't like the controller (which I'll get to more detail in a minute), which is quite small and cramped in many areas for adults, and just looks a bit...odd for those hardcore HALO, GTA, or even all those great sports titles.  This system is aimed at kids.2) Capabilties: This system is great for setting up in the car for a long trip accross the country, or even state to state, but it doesn't do much else but play those kid games.  The memory units are extremely small compared to the massive XBOX hard disk and PS2 Memory Card, so you'll often find yourself buying more memory units then games.  That's NO fun!  This system also has no way to play DVD's, play music, and can't be cleaned or fixed when the drive brakes (the CD drive can't contain CD cleaners, and can't be replaced with a regular DVD tray like the PS2 and XBOX).  The size of CD's can also be a problem, as many adults can't even fit their finger through the little circle in the middle, or could loose them quite easily.  It hasn't been the case for me, but I have rather small hands (still only 16).2. Games: This system has a ton of great games...aimed at kids.  If your an adult looking for a little gore, smart, fast computer AI, or even the casual sports title to build a franchise through, the GC is NOT FOR U!!!  The major games are for the most part the Mario's, Zeldas, Donkey Kong's, Star Foxx, etc...all cartoons.  You won't find the HALO's, GTA's, SOCOM: Navy Seals, or even games like Splinter Cell (nor the controller to use them).  If u want ALL of your games to be Mario-like (nothing wrong with that), this system is ok.  But for the more hard-core gamer like me, an XBOX, or even a PS2, would be a better choice.3) Controller: For games like Pikmin, perfect.  Huge buttons, small joy sticks, springy trigger buttons.  It's perfect!  But for sport's games like those that I love, HALO, Splinter Cell, games like that, the controller is awful.  It just doesn't work.  Notice that SEGA pulled all of their 2k sports titles as no one with a CUBE bought them.  If u look at the top 10 selling GC titles, you won't find a shooter (except maybe Metroid Prime by Nintendo).  This system, or controller, just doesn't work for these games.  On the other hand; for games like Mario, Melee, Zelda, Pikmin, Animal Crossing, etc...it's the best EVER MADE!!!  And if you've got lots of money to spend, and don't mind owning a system just for one type of game, then the GC will do just fine.  But for someone with a low budget and wanting a little bit of Sports, RPG, some Shooters, Stealth, and even Mario-like games (Blinx, Crash Bandicoot), the XBOX was for me (also a DVD play and CD player, GC doesn't support).4) Online Plan: None!  It has a 56K adapter and works on broadband, but nothing like XBOX Live or even the PS2's online network.  No headset, no stat tracking, no buddy list, and not a very big list of games.  No real plan, it just seems to be there.  If u want to be left behind without the online gameplay of the future, I guess the GC will do fine.  But I am a gamer who loves playing other games like me, keeping stat track, trash talking, and enjoying good competition besides my little sister or next door neighbor.  The GC didn't suppport that!  "Why?"  I don't know.Overall, the GC is great for kids, and good for the casual gamer.  But for someone who is A) Low on money and would like a DVD player too!, B) Wants a controller and system that works with shooters and Sports, and C) Want's a few M titles in his collection, the GC was NOT for me.  This system will satisfy those looking for a system for kids, a second system, or even a first if they have a great PC.  But I needed more, and the GC didn't have it!Still a great system with great games, and is very reliable, I'd reccomend the system to anyone who can live with the above problems!Thx!Oh, and as for it being platinum, it's no different from Indigo or Jet Black except it's color, and that it's only going to be available for a few months.  Do u like Platinum?
3	B00005QEFF	I bought a used GC off craigslist back in the DIZAY for forty bones and it's still going strong five years later.  I've had countless hours of fun and entertainment with that thing and will continue to do so as long as it graces my presence on this earth.  Even if it dies I have a backup anyway.  THANK YOU, NINTENDO!  Loves me some Monkey Balls.
3	B00005QEFF	By far the best console offered.  I have the 'cube and the xbox, don't have any interest in the PS2 since it doesn't have 5.1 in-game surround sound, and the graphics are mediocre.If you are looking to buy a console, look no further.Pros:1. Small form factor, doesn't take up alot of space, the xbox is HUGE and is fragile.2. Excellent games, yes there are fewer choices, but do you want a bunch of games that suck or a few that are "off the hook"?  Try out some of these games -- Resident Evil 4, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, Metroid Prime 1 & 2.  No xbox or ps2 game even comes close.  And the new Legend of Zelda is coming out soon!  xbox games that are rated high are rated high for the xbox, games like halo and halo 2 would rate very low on the GameCube because of their low quality.3. Excellent controllers:  The best game machine controller by far, if you've ever played xbox or ps2, you know what I mean.  Cube controllers have different sized buttons and you always know what button you are pushing, try that on the xbox!  But if you really want to step it up, get the Wavebird Wirless, it ROCKS!4. 5.1 Dolby in-game surround sound, 'nuf said.5. Lightning fast load times, some games like RE4 basically have a no-load time.  If you've played xbox or ps2 your green with envy right now...6. Graphics, Graphics, Graphics:  yes these are the best graphics on any system, xbox may have technically better equipment to render graphics, but that's where the hype ends.  Game designers are not designing games to utilize that equipment, maybe its because they are porting those games to ps2 and it just wouldn't be possible if the game used top of the line graphics... I don't know, but the only game that looks as good as RE4 or Metroid Prime on xbox is DOA Ultimate.  One game with good graphics vs. the Cube's excellent graphics on most of the games -- you make the call.7. Portable; yes with gamecube you can carry it to a friends house without having to rent a UHaul trailer to carry it.8. Better color options;  xbox comes in black or green, unless you modify it, but that voids the crappy-to-begin-with warranty (90 days).  ps2 comes in black or that wierd blue-ish color.  GameCube comes in platinum, which matches modern tv's & surround sound systems, black, purple, blue... others? I'm not 100% but I think there are other colors.9. Warranty; Cube: 1 year, xbox: 90 days, ps2: 90 days.  You do the math.  Although the Cube rarely fails, unlike the other consoles.10. Game compatabillity, yes, you wouldn't think of that from the start.  Nintendo's console will play every single game made for it.  xbox and ps2 will not play every game made for them, well that reduces the number of games available for those consoles, doesn't it?  Also it reduces the number of dollars in your pocket, becuase most companies including Wal-mart will not take back software that has been opened, by the time you find out your box will not play the game you are stuck with a $50.00 game you cannot play- that sucks.My xbox is just collecting dust since RE4 came out, I regret having bought it, it was a waste of my hard earned money!  The games are poor in quality and have massive load times.
3	B00005QEFF	This console is pretty good. It has a decent selection of games but most of them lean toward younger children, that is the way Nintedo has always been and will always be, but that's great for the kids. They often have 3rd party's censor their games to not include themes that may be to mature for the younger audience. This is a great move to protect children, but if you're older, it does get annoying. If you're a bit older, and looking for some mature games that aren't geared torward the pre-10-12 year old crowd, the system has a few but very little in that category, maybe a handful or more. GC lacks heavy 3rd party support and the little it does have, make a few mature titles but are usually quick cash ins with little substance, such as Capcom's recent announcements. But there are a couple good ones to be found, just very miniscule compared to the other consoles on the market.The system itself is very small, and that's great for fitting it in tight spaces. Very durable as well. The system doesn't play DVD movies or music CD's though, just a special mini disc that play the games for the system. And because the disc are smaller, it has less storage space, so some GC games often include less content that the versions of the same game on other consoles. If you want a great game console that plays games, DVD's and CD's, then this isn't what you're looking for, you'd be better with a PS 2 in that case.The gamepad is great though. Very comfortable but the button layout is a bit akward for certain games, but overall it's good. It also has 4 gamepad ports so 4 player games are definitely fun. But it does not include a modem, harddrive and the memory cards have very little save space that get filled up quickley with certain games, so expect to buy many memory cards down the road.The graphics and sound are also impressive, and most games have very fast load times. The system does not have an optical(toslink) output like the PS 2 does, but it is capable of prologicII whch sounds great, although not quite as nice as DTS/5.1.Overall, a nice system, but limited in terms of features such as DVD, CD, and 5.1 playback and also very limited in variety of games, and mostly geared toward children. It also does not have an online structure, so you will not be playing games online for quite awhile if at all. But it is perfect for a child that just wants a bare bones console that has some excellent and fun games for their age.
3	B00005QEFF	If you like classic Mario games, then this is the console for you.  I love Mario games that is why I bought the gamecube.  If you like shooters then this is not the console for you then.  If you have a younger kid and they want a video game consel then I urge you to by the Gamecube version.  It has many Rated E games some T games and not many M games at all. Another great thing about the gamecube sytem is that it cost only 100 bucks and that is a great deal.
3	B00005QEFF	Consider this...i am writing this review in 2012. I have a PS3 and have owned pretty much all the game systems...PS1, PS2, Nintendo 64, Xbox, Xbox 360, Wii, Saturn, Dreamcast....I do think back upon the Dreamcast fondly, but to me, the Gamecube might be the most solid, greatest console of all time. The games were great, the system itself never froze up, the controllers were pretty sturdy, and the size was perfect as well. Anyway, i bought one again recently to revisit some of my favorite games like Gladius, Paper Mario, Ocarina of Time, and so on. Obviously, this wont replace your next gen console, but this is definitely a system you should own and enjoy from time to time. If you have kids, it even ups its value. Get one, and bring it out of storage every now and then. You will be glad you did.Enjoy!
3	B00005QEFF	The graphics are excellent and several fun games are available for this system. Controllers are easy to use and the price is not outrageous. Requires memory card to save.I have no complaints about this system.
3	B00005QEFF	I got my GameCube back in 2001, which is (if I remember right)is the year it came out.Since I've had it so long I've grown to love it, BUT.... SAVE YOUR MONEY!If I could I'd go back in time and not buy this. I'd buy a PS2 because there are so many games I want for it.I am 14, and though most are appropriate for kids 4+ I still enjoy them, like Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life. But I'm a BIG RPG person so this system doesn't really satisfy.PROSGreat classic & legendary titles like Harvest Moon, Mario, Sonic, Final Fantasy, etc.SmallMini-DisksOkay GraphicsCONSSmall RPG libraryMost underrated systemVery Little online gamingIf I were you I'd save my money and get the Nintendo DS/PSP when it comes out; or wait for the GameCube 2, PS3, XBox 2, etc... but if you REALLY want a system NOW I'd get a GBA SP or a PS2.I've grown to love it but I still think I should have bought something else.
3	B00005QEFF	What's not to like? The games that are made by Nintendo are great. Such titles as Metroid Prime 2 and certainly the Zelda series are what give the Gamecube variety in it's games. The PS2 has games that have the same story, in a way. (For instance: Rachet&Clank;, Jak&Daxter.;) Also, most of the PS2 and Xbox games that are made only for that certain console are side games, not the ones that have an original storyline, and are engageing to play. The graphics are as good as or better than the Xbox or the PS2. In addition, the speed is much faster than that of the other two. It takes at average to load a game, about two seconds; at max, about ten seconds. You would think that with the $200 price tag on the Xbox and the PS2 would make it a fast console. (It takes, what, three minutes to load a game with the Xbox)The PS2 has bad Playstation-only games. The only good and popular game only for Xbox is the Halo series. On the Nintendo Gamecube, you have Nintendo-only games that are engageing, fun, and worth buying. (For Example:Super Smash Bros. Melee) Most good games, like Grand Theft Auto, or Need for Speed, are on all of the consoles. Another plus, it is the least expensive of the three.Look at AMAZONs average rating(as of 8-11-05 and has been like this for a while).The Xbox--------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe PS2---------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe Gamecube---avg customer rating = 4 and a half stars.KEEP IN MIND THAT THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF REVIEWS FOR EACH OF THE THREE. It looks like the people are more satisfied with the Gamecube.
3	B00005QEFF	I bought a Nintendo Gamecube back when they first hit stores. It was pretty cool at the time. And I was quiet excided to see what Nintendo would bring fourth with this system? Well, Nintendo did what they typically have done in the past.....Made some great games that are known for being Nintendo only titles. Such as Mario,Mario Kart,Zelda,Metroid,F-Zero,ect....And then they made some games that we're mediocre. What I liked about the Gamecube when it first came out, was that they focused on being a video game system. I bought a Xbox & PS2 aswell. But around the time these systems dropped, it was a huge selling point for Xbox & PS2 being DVD players too! That was cool, however, I buy game systems cause I wanna play games!!!! So that was cool to see Nintendo stand out on that aspect. Also, I like & recommend buying the Wavebird controllers. They we're the first well made & accurate wireless controller. The 8bit Nintendo (NES) had a wireless controller years ago too. But that was in the 80's. And the technology just wasn't properly implemented into the manufacuring of those wireless controllers. The Wavebird controller is light,accurate,wireless (of course), and has a good range to react with the Gamecube. Another cool thing Nintendo made for the Gamecube is the adapter that allows you to play Gameboy Advance games on your Gamecube, on your TV. The Gamcube came in various colors, such as black,indigo,platinum. And had four player ports on the console. This system isnot HD. It has AV inputs. In my opinion, the Gamecube is a overall pretty cool system. The controller layout at times needs some getting used to with some games. Not the best system (in my opinion) but a good one none the less...Some of the best games for this system are:Resident Evil ( I think Extinction...It has Jill on the cover w/ a zombie)Resident Evil 2 (graphics are still the same as the N64 & PS version)Super Mario SunshineMario Kart Double DashF-ZeroGodzilla Destroy All The MonstersSuper Monkey Ball 1 & 2007NBA Street 1 & 2Super Smash Bros.Dead 2 Rights (graphics are choppy, but the game was fun)There are many other titles that range between great-fairly good for this system. It is a nice console to own & have as part of your gaming collection!
3	B00005QEFF	A gamer pretty much said it allGamecube rocksXbox is 2ndPS2 SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005QEFF	Never did like the original color of these old Gamecube gaming systems, but I did love a lot of the games on 'em! Everything works well, no problems whatsoever. I recommend.
3	B00005QEFF	This is my 3rd review on game cube that I left out but it was just about the choices!Games give you choices on what you like and dont like SO STOP HATIN ON THIS SYSTEM!  If you dont like it leave it alone.  This game has the best games out of all 3 I think.These are the most anticipated games for all three systems in 2004 Of what I think and EXCLUSIVES I MEAN!XboxFableHalo2......yeah thats pretty much itPs2Metal Gear Solid 3:snake eatersKingdom hearts 2killezoneGamecubeResident evil 4Killer 7The legend of zelda:four swordsThe legend of Zelda:the wind waker 2Metroid prime 2giestMario tennisGame cube is gonna have the best games this year already they have great games out likeMetal gear solid tsViewtiful joeMario kart ddLoz:wind wakerand many others.....The gamecube has had the best times and the worst times.But gc manages to supprass its goals......Viewtiful Joe is one of those games that gave me some of the best gaming experience I have ever had.  Same with Metroid prime.  Over all gc is the best out of all 3.WITH MANY GREAT EXCLUSIVES!My spelling sucks I know..........
3	B00005QEFF	Thi is my game cube1. black if you like play station.2.violet oh men you have to be crazy.3.is the perfect one.if you want a game cube buy this color
3	B00005QEFF	Man all I hear is about PS2 vs Xbox, hey, mybe sum people like me just don't wanna hear about that every time.  Don't get me wrong, I have all three systems, but what about the gamecube.  The gamecube beats out the Xbox, cuz it's cheaper, and it has more quality titles, like Mario, Zelda, Metroid, and more and some great graphics.  Even if some are 4 kids, the games beat out some of those games for the xbox.  Nopw 4 da  PS2, the gamecube is cheaper and has better technology than the PS2, but the PS2 has sum of my favorite games, like GTA3, FF, Devil may cry, Tekken, and more.  I'n my opionion the PS2 and GC are the 2 best systems out there.  The Xbox has the best technology and stuff, but the only game I hear about is Halo and Splinter Cell nothin else.  All the time, the only game me and my friends play on the Xbox is halo.  No system is garbage, cuz every system has thier own games, but if u have $$$ don't hesitategamecube.
3	B00005QEFF	2001 brought the release of 2 instant classics(Super Smash Bros Melee and Rogue Leader). 2002 was an even greater year seeing the releases of Metroid Prime,Super Mario Sunshine,Sonic Mega Collection ,Namco Museum and Star Fox Adventures. Super Mario Sunshine isnt better than Super Mario 64 but there are some improvements for instance remember how Super Mario 64 was really easy till you got to the last Bowser level? Sunshine is more challenging and features secret levels inside levels. I think a thing they should have kept was the wing cap though.This is the first Mario game for Game Cube and hopefully not the last.You still interested in old classics?Well Sonic Mega Collection and Namco Museum deliver em.Hopefully Nintendo itslef will follow in Sonic Team's footsteps and release a classic Mario compilation disc with Mario games from NES and SNES. And Sonic really does make a difference.I think of this as the Nintendo Dreamcast. If the rumor is true(and hopefully it is) we will see a rerelease of SA (the first and original one)from Dreamcast onto a Cube disc.Long live the Cube!
3	B00005QEFF	Well, to begin with I am not the typical gamer.  I am 32 years old and actually have no patience.  So video gaming just doesn't seem like a fit for me.  I'm not very good at playing them.  All that said, I love video games.  I never was one to have every system or anything like that though.  I had Nintendo until Playstation came out.  Then the PS2 (which is horribly overpriced and I have had nothing but trouble out of.  I also refuse to buy a replacement considering it was $200 plus when I bought it.)The reason I mention this is that I fell in love with Resident Evil when it first came out and not the Gamecube version I'm talking about the one that you probably laugh at now.So when I heard that Gamecube was going to have exclusive rights to Resident Evil I was horrified.  I didn't want to buy a system just for one game series.I was wrong!  I bought my Gamecube recently when the price hit the newest low.  It is the best gaming system I've tried.  The graphics are fantastic.  Frame rate couldn't be better.  I don't have to worry about it hanging up(knock on wood) or other problems.  It's built so I although I wouldn't beat on it I don't feel horrible if it gets bumped.  So far the games I have played with it have been beautiful to look out and also are fun to play.  I'm not into kid games and they have the games I enjoy.  I recently played Medal of Honor RS on it and it ran wonderfully on the Gamecube.  I had tried the PS2 version and it hung up and had disc read errors.  Don't get me wrong I am not knocking PS2.  I just find this little system amazing it's compact and so are the games.  My fear was that I was purchasing this system for only a few games, but have found that they have a pretty good variety in the types of games I enjoy.The compact nature of this system is great. I can easily unhook this and use on other tv's in my house.  That is great since I have a much younger brother who likes to trade systems with me and a nephew.Now for my complaint I know many of you absolutely adore the controller.  I'm sorry I don't. Maybe I have small hands, maybe not, but the controller makes me feel like I do.  I'd prefer one a bit lighter and a little less bulky. That's a small complaint though in an overall great system.One minor issue, not a complaint because most systems require the same thing, is the memory card.  Of course you have to purchase them separately unless you find someone offering them with purchase(I haven't found one yet).  The 251 that nintendo makes is pretty good but still if you intend on saving many games and only have one card you end up having to delete games in order to save additional games.For the money and quality this would be a system I'd recommend especially if you aren't so sure where to spend your money.  You'll get a high quality system that doesn't seem as delicate as others and a company that carries a wide range of games.
3	B00005QEFF	I have been a huge fan of Nintendo for most of my life. We had a NES growing up, and by the time I was old enough to work, I bought a SNES & later a Nintendo 64. I gave up video games for a while and then my wife bought this for me as a birthday gift in 2005. I was thrilled. I believe a game system is only as good as the games, or there wouldn't be any point to buying a game console. I probably purchased about 30 games over the first 5 years I had this. Now over the past year, I have bought over 120 more games for the GameCube. Some of the games are going cheap and some are as much if not more than when they came out. I would recommend anyone who missed the GameCube era to pick one up cheap and dive in. Still one of the best out there. Here is a rundown of the features.Controllers and other devices: 4 controller ports and loads of 4 player games out there. The controller is a great design and still one of my favorites. Go with a Nintendo brand wired, or if you want wireless, wavebird (also Nintendo brand)is the way to go. They even have frequency switches so you can use 4 wavebirds if you want. Some other devices you can plug in include: Microphones (for Mario Party 6-7, Odama, Karaoke, etc.), Dance Pads, Bongos (for DK Bongo games), and Gameboy Player (attaches on bottom) for a few compatible gameboy games like Zelda 4 Swords.Graphics: Depends on the game, but you get traditional Nintendo graphics that are even comparable to the Wii on some games and some that rivaled Xbox and PS2.Games: Here is where the GameCube shines. There are over 600 games released, but the total North America released stands around 555. I am going to run down a top 25 list by IGN, then tell you what you shouldn't miss. This is the top 25 games of all time for the GameCube by IGN, created after the GameCube was discontinued. I would recommend all of these games if you are going to get the full experience on the GameCube.1. Metroid Prime, 2. Resident evil 4, 3. Super Smash Bros Melee, 4. Zelda: Wind Waker, 5. Eternal Darkness: Sanity's requiem, 6. Pikmin 2, 7. F Zero GX, 8. Prince of Persia: Sands of Time, 9. Super Mario Sunshine, 10. Waverace: Blue Storm, 11. Animal Crossing, 12. Beyond Good & Evil, 13. Resident Evil, 14. Soul Calibur 2, 15. Metroid Prime 2: Echoes, 16. Paper Mario & 1,000 year door, 17. Viewtiful Joe, 18. Star Wars Rogue Squadron II, 19. Time Splitters 2, 20. Killer 7, 21. Super Monkey Ball 2, 22. Battalion Wars, 23. Baten Kaitos, 24. DK Jungle Beat, 25. Metal Gear Solid: Twin Snakes.My library includes over 150 games, so here are a few more you shouldn't miss. Skies of Arcadia: Legends, Cubivore, Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance, Final Fantasy Tactics, Harvest Moon (all 3), Resident Evil (all 5), Prince of Persia (all 3), Evolution Worlds, Ikaruga, all Zelda games including Collector's edition that has Zelda 1 & 2 on it, Mario Party if you have young ones (great 4 player games), Mario Kart (must have), Starfox Assault, Tales of Symphonia (80 hour JRPG), Wario World, Luigi's Mansion, Zapper, XIII, and loads of others including Spyro, Spider-man, Star Wars, 6 Sonic games, Sims, Pokemon, etc. I just have to say that Eternal Darkness (IGN's # 5) was one of my all-time favorite for GameCube. Crazy game.Exclusive: The GameCube boasts over 100 Exclusive titles. Ones not to miss include: Nintendo brand (Mario, Luigi, Wario, etc), Eternal Darkness, Cubivore, Pokemon, Yugioh, Pikmin, Megaman, Lost Kingdoms, Kirby, Darkened Skye, Phantasy Star Online, and loads more.Other points: Every game is 100% backward compatible (b/c) with the Wii. Something Nintendo should be proud of. Microsoft could only get a handful of their games b/c from Xbox to 360 and Sony originally had it right with full b/c support for PS2 games on the PS3 but then they phased it out of the newer models and is now very hard to find ones that do and very expensive. Nintendo gets a A+ here.I have to admit, of those 150+ games, I still have loads I haven't tried. I am excited to continue playing these treasures, and in a few years, my kids will get to enjoy them as well. We have a Wii, and I am glad I can grab a game from downstairs and a few controllers and bring it up to the Wii and play when we have people over.Don't miss this especially if you have kids. This system has loads of games for kids including Yugioh, Kirby, Pokemon, Tak, Ty the Tasmanian Tiger, Teen Titans, Sea World, Sponge Bob, Mickey Mouse, Winnie the pooh and Piglet, Scooby-Doo, Fairly OddParents, Nickelodeon, etc. and tons of games based on kid movies like cars, Shrek, Shark Tale, Ratatouille, Over the Hedge, Open Season, Incredibles, Madagascar, etc.Don't get me wrong in that this is not just for kids. There are loads of adult games that will appeal to every gamer. They have loads of sports games (You name it, they have it), war games like Medal of Honor, Call of Duty, Tom Clancy's Ghost, Rainbow, and Splinter Cell games, Fighting games like Mortal Kombat and Soul Calibur, and other appeasing games such as James Bond, Pac-Man, Tomb Raider, etc. It also has arcade classics from Midway and Namco. My favorite types of games are the RPGs. It has a decent amount including Fire Emblem, Baldur's Gate, Tales of Symphonia, Baten Kaitos, etc.Update 8/01/11I just purchased DK Jungle Beat, Donka Konga 1 & 2, and 4 sets of Bongo Drums. The Donka Konga games are great 1-4 player games and provide a lot of entertainment. Similar to guitar hero, you have a scrolling music bar that shows what notes you need to play. The notes are colored so you know what action to perform. It can be a left bongo, right bongo, both bongos, or a clap (there is a mic between the bongos). You even have some continuous notes. DK jungle beat can be a 1 or 2 player game (even though it says 1 player). If you have 2 sets of bongos, you can both control DK.Bottom line, if you are thinking about getting one, do it fast as some rare games are going up in price and value and it's getting harder to track down good games in good condition with cases and manuals.
3	B00005QEFF	i just bought my gamecube from amazon in i cant wait intill its delivered i have an x-box now and i dont really like it because all there is are first person shooters which i hate more than anything in the world and not to many rpg's which i like the gamecube is way better because of mario an zelda games i really wished that i had gotton the gamecube early when it was released than the xbox i hate the x-box so much that i just put the system in my closet because i never want to play it again its borning in am going to get the nintendo revolution when ever its release not the xbox 360 because i dont want to make the same mistake twice like when i bought the xbox instead of the gamecube
3	B00005QEFF	Ok, for everyone who is wondering what system they should buy and resorting to an online review, 1.UR SAD 2.get a life 3. thanks for coming 4. here is wat i have to say about gamecube.Well, lets go over basically everything.  The games-these games are awsome. ya some and i repeat SOME are originally N64 games but as you can see, ummmm almost every F****** game that comes out on PS2 and XBox come out on GameCube!!!!! Don't believe any of that N64 relation crap.  Its a bunch of bull Fun Factor-gamecube is unbelievable.  its worthy, fast, easy to use controller, and everything XBox and PS2 doesnt have.  Graphics- The graphics are unbelievable.  Ok, they are better than PS2's but not as good as XBox's by likE 2.56324234 Mb or something. WHO CARES.  Its not like your gonna notice when your playing a game you love.  OOOO the graphics are a little off.  YEah RIGHT your gonna be saying Damn i love this gamePrices: Well, as you can see Gamecube is the lowest priced console on the market for such the performance.  Its small, compact, great graphics, great game selection, its everything. i also have a PS2 and thats a very good system also but overpriced.  My friend has an XBox with over 30 games (about as many as XBOx can come out with. LOL) and from coming over, he has chosen to buy a gamecube instead with his sold XBox money.  Take it from him.  Hes an ultimate gamer.  Here's a complete overview of the prices which is sad as hell.  And one more thing, Gary Shulze Take THAT.Playstation 2-$179.99 OVERPRICEDXBOx- shares for the most expensive product.GameCube-  Cheapest System, with as much as the 2 that are overpriced.Buy IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	B00005QEFF	This is a quality system. I have all 3 next-gen consoles and I find them to be very equal. They all have their pros and cons. Here are the pros and cons for the gamecube followed by a list of quality titles with brief descriptions:PROS:-Good first-party games-Lots of classic franchises (Metroid, Zelda, Super Mario)-A carrying handle-Small-Looks cool-Has a cool logo-Is made by Nintendo. you can't diss Nintendo.-Fun offline multiplayer games-4 controller jacks-Inexpensive-Can hook up to Gameboy Advances for extra features/is necessary to play some games (Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles, Four Swords Plus)-Fast Load timesCONS:-Barely any/no online support.-No DVD playerGames to buy for Gamecube:Metroid Prime: A fun first person shooter based on the classic Metroid franchise. It's basically like they took Super Metroid and made it 3-D. Quality game.The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker: Once again, you take on the role of Link in this epic quest to save your sister and weild off Ganondorf. Probably the second best zelda game next to Ocarina of Time.Soul Calibur 2 (available on other 2 systems): A sequel to the classic fighter Soul Calibur for Dreamcast. This game is a very good fighting game, is fun in multiplayer, and has Link (the main character from The Legend of Zelda series) as a playable character which is exclusive to Gamecube. Xbox has Spawn and PS2 has that old guy from Tekken 3.Viewtiful Joe: The story of an average joe who, while at the movie theater with his girlfriend, gets sucked into the movie as his girlfriend is taken away by the bad guy in the movie. He then gets powers such as slow motion, fast motion and zoom in. The graphics are very unique and beautiful in this game. Also, the camera is set so the game plays like a 2-D sidescroller but it is actually 3-D...well, sorta...Just play it, it's great.Super Mario Sunshine: A lot of debate and harsh words are said about this game because people think the idea of the game is to clean up pollution. Although this is part of the game, it is in no way ALL of the game. Aside from having to occasionally clean up some crap this imposter Mario leaves around, it plays similar to Super Mario 64. It's very fun.Super Mario Bros. Melee - Probably one of the most fun multiplayer games out there next to Bomberman 64, Goldeneye and the Super Mario Kart series. This game supports 4 simultaneous players and if you get you and 3 friends playing this game at the same time it's hours of fun.Resident Evil - basically a rehash of the PS1 classic. I've never played it but I hear it's very scary and very fun. Unfortunately, it costs more than the PS1 version which is why it recieved lower scores.Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Reqiuem: A fun horror game for Gamecube. You take on the role of a girl whose grandfather is mysteriously decapitated in his mansion with no sign of intrusion. It's up to his grandaughter to search the mansion for clues. What she uncovers is a book called "The Tome of Eternal Darkness" which tells a very unique story of the universe which spans through many different characters from various time periods who all have a role in the story, which you all play as. A very fun gaming experience.Mario Kart Double Dash: Although mediocre in singleplayer, multiplayer in this game is very fun.Games to look forward to:Metroid Prime 2: Nothing is really known about this game yet except that it is a sequel to Metroid Prime.TLOZ: Wind Waker 2: A sequel to Wind Waker.TLOZ: Four Swords Plus: You and your friends take on the role of little Links (the character from Legend of Zelda) and use puzzle solving and classic zelda items to get through levels with each other. So far, it's shaping up to be a very fun looking game.If you had to choose between one of the 3 systems to buy, I'd say they're all pretty equal. I would base your decision on which pros and cons you care more about.
3	B00005QEFF	This Gamecube is the same excellent system as the regular version, only the system and its one controller are painted a silvery metallic color. The controller cord is black, and the part that plugs in is silver.
3	B00005QEFF	Great system, still love it and love the Wii too and that I can play the old games on the Wii but still use the cube too.
3	B00005QEFF	I bought the gamecube in 2003, and it still works perfectly fine. Tons of really fun games, especially for younger players, make this a great birthday/holiday present if you want a nintendo videogame system for under $100.
3	B00005QEFF	The Gamecube, at the time, gave me the chance to play every Resident Evil videogame without switching from console to console.
3	B00005QEFF	My sons are into gaming. They play all kinds of games. This system allows them to play games that are oldrr but still relevent to their style. The can play older Mario and Sonic games which are popular for their age. The graphics are pretty good for an older system. The games are easy enough for younger users and some are more challenging for older users. Good system.
3	B00005QEFF	Its a shame that everybody choose Playstation 2 over this beautiful console, for it is obviously better. While it can't play DVDs, the mini-cds are a brilliant concept, for they reduce load times and are much more durable then PS2 discs. The design of Gamecube is outstanding. A simple and compact plastic cube (which is where Gamecube gets its name from) with a nice little handle so you can carry it over to a friend's house. Gamecube seems to last a long time if taken care of, unlike Playstation 2 where it takes over 4 tries to get a disc to load. Even better, this console has true Nintendo magic. A ton of amazing games are available, and each game seems to be entirely unique. I got angry with Nintendo 64 because everything was just a 3D redo of the already existing hits with the suffix "64" added to the end of the title. It seems Gamecube is quite the opposite, for Wind Waker is nothing like Ocarina of Time and Star Fox Adventure isn't just an updated Star Fox 64. Some new titles have also been added to Nintendo's list, such as Pikmin, Animal Crossing, and Custom Robo. Gamecube is a perfect mix of what you would expect a game console to be like. It is superior to the Playstation 2 in every way imaginable and not quite as technologically advanced as Xbox yet still beating it in game libary and creativity. Plus, a refurbished Gamecube cost only 15 dollars at Gamestop, and that includes the controller and cables, so instead of buying Halo 4 you could have 4 Gamecube consoles... lol. Plus all of the great legendary games are cheaper then dirt right now due to the commercial failure of this console.
3	B00005QEFF	The GameCube is a great console, with a great variety of games.  It apparently doesn't have as good of graphics as the other consoles of this generation, but I think the graphics look fine, plus the great games make up for it.  If you're a fan of the classic Nintendo games, like "Metroid", "The Legend of Zelda", or "Super Mario", then this may be a better console for you than the competing consoles.  (If you are a fan of RPG's like "Final Fantasy", the GameCube has little to offer there.  In that case, consider the PlayStation 2 or the more current PlayStation 3.)The GameCube also has accessories that you can buy that allow it to play Game Boy games or that connect it to the Game Boy Advance so you can access extra features in certain games, such as "Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc" and "The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker".I must mention that you can, in theory, just get the Wii to play GameCube games now.  The only problem here is that the Wii does sometimes have issues with GameCube memory cards.  My Wii won't read the memory cards, and I hear many others have that problem, so I still need my GameCube for those games.There are a few issues I have with the GameCube, but nothing major.  For one thing, you must turn it off in order to switch disks, which is a little annoying, since the other consoles can be left on.Also, the smaller memory cards can't fit too much.  All my PS2 games fit on one memory card, but my GameCube games are scattered across several memory cards, and I lose track of what is where.  I would definitely suggest not buying the small 59 block memory card.  And the huge ones and the third party ones are more likely to have problems.  I never had a problem with my 1019 block Nyko memory card, but sometimes, the other third party ones I have need to be formatted.  I always got away with not formatting them, but if you do have to format the memory card, you'll lose all your data.  Probably the Nintendo 251 block memory cards would be your best bet.Also, the GameCube disks are smaller, which means that if they get scratched or dirty, they are more likely to have issues than regular disks that are in the same condition.The GameCube also has no way to connect to the Internet and will not play music CD's or movies.  This is not a problem for me, but it might be for other people.The GameCube may be behind the other consoles of this generation in a few areas, but in terms of actual games, the GameCube is a great console.  I have so many fun games for this console, so it absolutely doesn't matter to me that the graphics aren't quite as good or I can't play movies.  I bought the GameCube because I am a Nintendo fan, and I was not disappointed.
3	B00005QEFF	This system is the best!  The graphics for all of the games it plays are superb (especially Resident Evil), and the controlers are built to fit your hand perfectly.  The small size of the gamecube makes it so you can take it basically anywhere, same with the games discs, they are TINY.  Be sure that when you buy a gamecube that you buy a memory card while you are at the store, because you will not be able to save any of your game progress unless you have one.  I higly reccomend this system!  It is the best ever!!
3	B00005QEFF	A system is justly measured by its software, not its hardware, and quite frankly, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better and more varied game library out there than that of the Nintendo GameCube.  Gamecube offers perhaps the most diverse range of games, from the nightmarish Resident Evil, to the blistering action of NHL Hitz, to the incomparable multiplayer action of Bomberman Generation and Super Smash Brothers Melee.  Plainly said, Gamecube offers something for everyone.  Gamers of all ages will clamor for Mario Sunshine, the newest, vastest and most visually stunning game in the Mario series.  Meanwhile, other classic Nintendo staples such as Metroid, StarFox and Link/Zelda all get their next-gen updates this season for the GameCube, opening up a new era in gaming enjoyment possibilities both for longtime Nintendo fans and newcomers alike.Don't let the technophiles scare you off -- a game system lives on its software, not its specs.  So, whereas systems like the X-box boast superior numbers in speed or potential, it is the GameCube that fully REALIZES its potential with nearly every game produced for it.  The system is light, the controllers ergonomic (Can't beat the wireless Wavebird controller for eliminating any and all tangles and kinks) and, most importantly, the games themselves make this system worth every penny you spend for it.  If you want a fancy box with a good looking tech sheet to show off to your fellow engineers, pick up an X-box.  But, if you want a system that will provide you endless hours of fun and enjoyment in all genres of gaming, do yourself a favor and pick up the cube root of gamer satisfaction: Nintendo GameCube.
3	B00005QEFF	I have an 64 and still love it and play it all the time, and I have a gamecube as well and like it A LOT too, I really love the platinum color. It is a nice, sleek square design. It looks like it is a toy, and would be lightweight when picked up, but it is not.. it isnt heavy heavy but it is heavy. The controller is great, nice sleek desing you can rest your fingers on the L and R buttons. Gamecube has a lot of great games, but I wouldnt want most of them, but I have plenty I do like. Nintendo 64 is still my fav but I love this one as well. XBoxes and ps's 1s and 2s can play music, and you can play online with others but video games systems arent made for that, they are made for games!!Get the 64, and then definetely this!! Don't waist your time with ps's and xboxes.And the Xbox 360.. UGH. Not what video game systems are supposed to be!!! Unfortunetely, I think that will be the same with the Nintendo Revolution. but, i'm sure that will be better than that Xbox 360.Nintendo is much better in making video game systems and games; they have been around longest and will be around longer than any other game system, especially the Xbox line.
3	B00005QEFF	Great system for anyone that likes playing fun, multiplayer games. Great for the family or for any level of mischievous players.
3	B00005QEFF	I have own a ps2 for the past four years, i've always thought that the game cube was childs play plain and simple, i must admit that the cube appearance does not impress me, so i never even tried this console.I have tried this system just for fun and was impressed by the graphics and gameplay, so i decided to buy it. I have purchased a nintendo game cube the price was good, oh my! this system is awesome! i am blown away guess what game i am currently playing? yes! resident evil 4 i can't give it a five star because i must try a few more game to see if the quality is the same, goodbye playstation2 the cubes in town to stay.
3	B00005QEFF	The Gamecube is a good system. It has the best games ever made and it has a cool design. Some of the best games on this system are Animal Crossing, Super Mario Sunshine, and Super Smash Bros. Melee.Unfortunately this console lacks features like online gaming and the ability to play DVD movies and music CD's.Overall: I recommend this console. However if you're looking for a console with lots of features, then get the PS2.
3	B00005QEFF	The Gamecube is an amazing system no matter how you look at it. The PS2 has a good game library, but not so good graphics. The XBOX has great graphics, but not such a good game library. The Gamecube has the full package, and all though it has it's flaws, it's still great, and a solid system. Would you expect less from nintendo.Pros:+Great Graphics.+An amazing library of games that are actually exclusive.+Four controller ports.+Cool controls.Cons:-You still have to buy a memory card.
3	B00005QEFF	Just because it is small and square doesn't mean it's too childish.Game Cube has beautiful 3-D graphics and a great selection of some of the best games ever.It's the only system with awsome games like Super Mario Sunshine, Mario Kart:Double Dash, the continuing Mario Party series, Animal Crossing, and many, many more.Just to prove it's not a toddler-toy it also has games like Metroid Prime, Zelda, F-Zero GX and Soul Caliber 2.If you have a game boy advance you can hook it up to your GCN and find even more fun things to do.You can hook up to 4 controllers to the system and play awsome multiplayer games like Need For Speed:Hot Pusuit 2.You can also get multiple colors of the GCN:Indigo, JetBlack and Platinum.(imited time)For more information about the Nintendo Game Cube go to [...]
3	B00005QEFF	This is a new-generation videogame machine... An amazing little thing. This is the videogame who "hosted" the exclusives Resident Evil Zero, Resident Evil, Metroid Prime, The Legend Of Zelda: The Wind Waker, Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem and so many others...Graphically, it wins, compared to the PS2, and loses compared to XBox (but, in some games, the GameCube posesses even better graphics than XBox). Talking about sound, it's perfect too... It can record over a hundred voices, for all I've heard.. I don't really know very much about hardware, so I won't really get into that. In my opinion, the GameCube possesses the best design of the three (GameCube. PS2 and XBox) new generation consoles. No offense, but PS2 looks like a video and XBox is too heavy and too big, and the GameCube is so compact, you can take it and put it anywhere. How can such a little thing have so much power? It looks so perfect.But, it has it's bad sides too... Check them out:- It doesn't play anything but games. No CDs, no DVDs... That's bad, but if it played, it would be an easy target for illegal copies, like PS2 and XBox are...- They're getting a lot better with Resident Evil, Eternal Darkness and some others coming, but they still need more Mature games in GameCube!- This is the only videogame who doesn't have Silent Hill Series, which I love...Between the three new generation consoles I have choosen the GameCube, because:+ As a fan of the Resident Evil Series, this is the conlose which is going to make me feel happier, with Resident Evil, Resident Evil Zero, Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3 already released, Resident Evil:Code Veronica and Resident Evil 4 to come...+ People say that PS2 has more games... It is definetly true, but the most amazing games, in my opinion, are for the Nintendo GameCube.. PS2 does have many games, but a lot of them aren't good, you know what I'm saying?+ The design does have importance for me, as I said+ There is no possibility (yet) of copying the mini-DVDs, and that's, for me, a great thing, because I don't like illegal copies...See why I have choosen the GameCube? I hope you have this wise decision to buy yours, because there are lots of games to come, and lots of amazing games already avaliable. Are you born to play?
3	B00005QEFF	By nearly every account, the Nintendo Gamecube was a commercial failure following its 2002 system launch.  It was beaten to the punch by Microsoft's new X-Box, as well as falling behind the DVD-playing PS2 & that system's online capabilities.  When the final tally was made, the Gamecube ultimately precipitated Nintendo to create the ground-breaking Wii to once again compete in the video game market.That being said, the Gamecube was home to some of the most enjoyable video games ever created.  It didn't fare too well in the always-popular first-person shooter & "epic games" categories, but its own licensed stable of games/characters was still as strong as ever.  Games like "Mario Power Tennis", "Luigi's Mansion", "Super Smash Bros. Melee", & "Mario Kart: Double Dash" provide hours upon hours of entertainment, while installments of the Madden football series and the MVP Baseball series were some of the best ever created on this system.Simply put, the Gamecube was never meant to be anything more than a console for brand loyalists who wanted their Mario, Zelda, DK, & Pokemon (among others, of course) games.  While Microsoft went for the "online gaming" crowd and found a winning market (although it actually took the 360 to accomplish that goal), and Sony was the first to grasp the concept of an "all-in-one" entertainment console, the Gamecube was perhaps the last bastion of gaming console meant for the sole purposes of video games.In terms of "specs", the graphics in this system were excellent for their time, and the controller was easily the most ergonomic I have ever played (with the 360 a close second).  Here we are in 2012, and Nintendo has yet to even match, much less surpass, some of the graphics of, say, Super Smash Bros. Melee or Zelda: Twilight Princess.Overall, the Gamecube was a fun system that played very well to its niche: Nintendo brand loyalists.  Though other systems reshaped the public perception of video gaming, the Gamecube provided one last throwback to the traditional console market.  In the process, the Gamecube turned out to be perhaps the best overall Nintendo gaming unit ever in terms of fun, functionality, & quality game titles.One final thought: While the N64 now looks and seems quaint by today's standards, with only nostalgic games like Goldeneye or Mario '64 to keep it relevant whatsoever, the Gamecube still touches a core market even today: those who want a traditional gaming experience with the "old gang" of Nintendo characters.  Though obviously no new titles are being released for the GCN, it says a lot when such a niche audience can still be satiated by that little box in the bottom of the home entertainment center.
3	B00005QEFF	I highly recommend getting a GameCube over a Wii because they are built much better, have a much better controller, and have memory cards.Some people just think they can get the full experience just by playing GameCube games on the Wii but that's definitely not true.It's much more convenient to play on the original system because the controllers plug in the front, the discs don't get stuck inside, you don't have to go through the wii menu each time, you save batteries just because you don't have to use a wiimote, and the wii does not work with the Game Boy Player. (The Game Boy Player is a great add-on for the GameCube that allows you to play Game Boy Advance games on it.)Of course, if I wrote this review back in the day, I'd be comparing it to the PS2 and Xbox instead of the Wii, which the GameCube also had great advantages over the PS2 and Xbox.The PS2 was only two players, while the GameCube was four, and the GameCube has much better graphics.The Xbox had hardware problems and terrible controllers if you didn't buy the type-s.  The GameCube was also about 4 times smaller than the Xbox.Another cool thing about the GameCube is you can buy first-party wireless controllers (called Wavebirds), something the PS2 and Xbox didn't have.But the best thing of all is the Nintendo exclusives.  All of those amazing games on are on GameCube such as Star Fox, Metroid, Pokemon, F-Zero The Legend of Zelda, Kirby, and of course Super Mario.  The Wii didn't have Star Fox or F-Zero game, and the Metroid and Kirby games on the Wii are said to be terrible.>>>>>IF ANYONE IS MISSING CORDS OR CONTROLLERS OR MEMORY CARDS, JUST BUY IT ON AMAZON!!!&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;Don't rate a system 1 star just because you don't know how to buy things.
3	B00005QEFG	the memory card 59 is a must have unless you like you play a game over and over untill you get to the last level and on some you will have to play for over a day to get to the last level! now we have seen memory cards for every system including the xbox. now 4 mb isn`t much but when you are only saving a game and not making a game to put on there it is enough. but if you are a big gamer and got a lot of games for the gamecube you might want to go with the sd memory card adapter. it will be able to hold 64 mb of space! but all of that space will come at a price for one thing i am sure it is only an adapter for a flash memory card. so the adapter may be cheap but you have to pay for the acual storage speratly which can cost a lot of money. so if you just want to get started with a good size of memory or you don`t plan on getting a bunch of games get this memory card. you proble have noticed the 8 mb memory cards that aren`t made by nintendo. they might hold more and might be cheaper but don`t get them! they could break easily and you might loose you data which if you are playing a long game and you are almost done you definetly don`t want to happen. i would recomend this to anyone that has a gamecube. it will be esential for the gamer even if you don`t plan to get or play many games on the gamecube it realy does get boaring playing the first level every time you play your games. when i preordered my gamecube I got this exact same thing with it. now it was in a prearrange package but i would have gotten it even if i didn`t have to. so if you are gettng the gamecube get this with it!
3	B00005QEFG	I actually recommend the 1015 block memory card, but this isn't bad for games like Luigi's Mansion, Pikmin, and SSBM. If you are going to buy a lot of sports games ,that one is for you.
3	B00005QEFG	This card isnt had any crashes or failures. 2 years going strong. I really recommend this card. I love it and it has great space.
3	B00005QEFG	This memory card can not hold that many games. I only recommend this memory card for people whom just got a Gamecube or only have a few games.
3	B00005QEFG	If you thought that .5 MB wasn't going to be nearly enough, you probably didn't know that most games only take up about8 or 9 slots on the card, which has 59 slots.  But if you're looking to save sports games on here, you'll probably have to buy more than one if you want to fit other games on it too because those sports saved games take up tons of room.  But still, for 15 dollars it's easy to buy another one.
3	B00005QEFG	I am very happy with this memory card. It works just fine. It came in good shape and was on time.
3	B00005QEFG	It's good. That's it in a nutshell. I got it when I first got my Gamecube on launch day, and it obviously saved games, with no flaws whatsoever. It's what to expect from a Nintendo brand memory card. However, there's only 59 slots. Some games take up 2 or 3 slots, while others (like Sonic Advance for example) take up 11 slots. Heck, some sports games take up the entire memory card. It's a good buy if you're not exactly a hardcore gamer, but I would look into the memory cards with larger storage.
3	B00005QEFG	I am not here to complain about space in fact I believe the space is fine. If you do not already know this card has 59 slots.Which is fine for games like smash bros., Monkey Ball, and Rogue Squadron but have you ever tried madden. Yes, I recently purchased the highly reccomended Madden 2002. It lived up to its expectations. The only downside was the fact that when I saved this it took up an entire card. I think nintendo needs to get more space on their cards or lower the amount of spots games like Madden 2002  take.
3	B00005QEFG	Alot of people complain about how Nintendo's memory card only contains 59 blocks of memory. Rouge Leader takes 3 blocks, Wave Race takes 11, Super Smash Brothers takes 12, and Pikmin takes 19. Yes, it's small, but the games are adequate to the card's space. This card is the only one made by Nintendo -- thus making it compatible with ALL GCN games, with no flaws whatsoever. Third party cards are not always compatible with ALL games, and sometimes corrupt data. The Memory Card 59 does it's job with no flaws. Get it and don't worry about hassle.
3	B00005QEFG	i thought it'd be too small but nintendo are really smart about this I guess, most games take up very little space.And the card costs a bunch less than most other cards.
3	B00005QEFG	This card does everything a card should.  Save games.  Save a lot of games.  And, it's inexpensive.  Some people complain that the amount of Megabytes that it holds is lower then the compitions, but the truth is that it doesn't matter.  With Gamecube you don't need to save a lot of info, and the card can hold 59 different saves, but some saves take up 3 or 2 spaces, although a lot, at least from Nintendo, just require 1 out of 59 spaces to save.
3	B00005QEFG	What is there to say? It's a memory card with 59 blocks. You need one to save files on Gamecube since they did away with the cartridges. This card is inexpensive and saves a good amount of files.
3	B00005QEFG	Unlike the N64, you need a memory card for all of the games. This card, although the norm for GCN, is really small, at half a megabyte. A floppy disk has about 1.5MB for comparison. However, there are some other options. One is the 8MB memory card from Interact, but I am not to sure on the reliablity of it. However, the Big ONE is the Panasonic SD (secure digital) memory cards availble at the Panasonic web site. They are super reliable and range in size from 16-64 MB (now,bigger ones are coming soon) (...). That's a lot of moola for a single card, but that's big; you can store 8 whole entire Mario 64 cartriges on one stick!!! My advice: get this and expect to buy a whole lot more, or just buy one SD card for every single game you ever get.
3	B00005QEFG	Without this little wonder, you'll have to start from scratch everytime you play Luigi's Mansion, Star Wars, Super Monkey Ball, Tony Hawk, Super Smash Brothers Melee, and Pikmin. Every time you repeat a level without this, it ticks you off very much.
3	B00005QEFG	this is a great mom card.  the only draw back is the small storage space.  they should do it like ps2.  i have 18 files on the ps2 card and still have 3 megs left out of 8. still this card works well.
3	B00005QEFG	Being that the Nintendo GameCube marks this first time that Nintendo has used a CD-based game media, it stands to reason that they would have to follow PlayStation's lead in having a workable memory card to store game progress.  This memory card is very uncomplicated.  It saves the games automatically, unless there is a dialogue box request otherwise, and has ample room to hold numerous games (except 'franchise mode' for the Madden football games, which take up the entire card).  Memory management is also very easy, given the smooth interface provided by the GameCube.  All in all, one of the more solid memory cards available.  Just another example of how Nintendo seems to keep getting it right.
3	B00005QEFG	Great card works like a charm!Only it save a few games... How about a Memory card 100?!???
3	B00005QEFG	The Nintendo Memory Card 59 is a must for all gamecube owners.  Due to the disc-based games that the Gamecube uses, you need a memory card to save your progress.I highly recommend buying a memory card like this that is made by Nintendo instead of a memory card by a third-party company that may be a few dollars cheaper or bigger because they are notorious for losing data.  I have never had trouble losing data from a Nintendo memory card.One note of warning is this:  If you already have a memory card and plan on getting an extra or something, wait until the Nintendo Memory Card 251 comes out in a few weeks.  The memory card 251 is almost five times bigger than the memory card 59, but it will sell for about the same price.
3	B00005QEFG	Everything a memory card should be! It is a very important thing though, so you should buy this with your GameCube. Since it is called Memory Card 59 it has 59 slots of data. The only thing is that GameCube is not like PS1 or some other systems. All games are not 1 block..Some are up to 20 blocks...To access the memory card, when you turn on your GameCube system, hold down the A button and then the screen should pop up. This memory card does its job and I recommend it... I hope this was helpfull.Thanks,*Vapor*
3	B00005QEFG	Well... It works.  Plus it is the official card, so you know it will work as good, and more than likely better than anything else available.  But it's tiny!  Half the size of a PS2 or even an X-Box memory card.  And what is worse is that it is sectioned into blocks, which as some may already know is very inefficient.  To make a long story short, memory blocks take up more space than they need to, eating up memory a lot faster than a card like the PS2 card.There is good about this card though.  Games tend to usually only take between 3 to 6 blocks, which is comparitively small compared to the amount of memory that PS2 saves take.
3	B00005QEFI	One of the most comfortable controllers to use in controller history next to the Xbox 360 controller, and they seem to last forever, like to the console they plug into.
3	B00005QEFI	Game cube is the first TV game console i've ever owned and i've only had it for 5 days but through my friends i've played most of the systems out there. GC Controllers really are comfortable. N64 controllers are semi-comfortable but you have to reposition the controller alot to reach certain buttons.  Nintendo has fixed that now with GC. I'm only 14 and i have average size hands but Xbox controllers were too big for me to comfortably fit my hands on it. PS controllers were better than XBOX but not than GC. The only button that is kinda wierd to press is the Z button sticking out above the R button. It feels wierd because you have to move your index finder into a position you normally don't have it in.  Its doesn't hurt or anything it just feels a litte wierd. The different size and shaped buttons make it so you don't have to contstantly look at the controller to see the buttons. At first it takes getting a little used to it, but then almost everything does. And even if you prefer PS controllers just but the PS Controller Adapter. GC and its Controllers Rule!
3	B00005QEFI	Quite an improvement from the big bulky controller for the N64 that had tones of buttons! First off, there are only four normal buttons to this controller, with one start button, no select button! Then there are huge L + R buttons, why are they so huge? Because the L + R buttons constantly break with the N64 and Super Nintendo controllers, so Nintendo redesigned the L + R buttons and made them spring loaded and big to take the pressure of little kids jamming the buttons with their fingers. Next there are two analog sticks, one on the top left and one on the bottom right for shooting games like the 007 games and A Perfect Dark games. For accurate game control there is an old fashioned directional pad at the bottom left. Also, you no longer have to put memory cards into the controller, because of the new Gamecube design (you put the cards into the Gamecube) and finally there is a rumble pack built into the controller, which never needs batteries due to the new technology. All and all, the controller is light and can fit in little hands!
3	B00005QEFI	The GameCube controller. This controller is one of the best ever made. No doubt about it. Nintendo's previous controller, from the Nintendo 64, was good, but not great. It was a very different type of design. The GameCube controller is a million times better than that controller. It's really hard to believe. The very first time I held this controller in my hands, I knew it was a winner.Many people say this controller was made for people with small hands. I disagree with that. I have small hands myself, but I have a few friends who have huge hands, and they have no problems with it. The left and right triggers are in the perfect position for both of your index fingers. All the buttons on the right side of the controller are easily accessible with your right thumb. They button layout is nearly perfect; with an enlarged &quot;A&quot; button for games with repetitive pressing of a single button. The analog stick can be easily accessed with your left thumb, and it rotates smoothly every time. The C-stick has replaced the C buttons from the previous N64 controller, and it allows for much more precise control.The only problems I could possibly think of with this controller are that the control pad is a bit small, but it is very rarely used, so that really isn't too big of a problem and the second thing I could think of was that the length of the controller cable is a bit short, but that can be easily fixed with extension cables. And now that the WaveBird is out, you can enjoy the wonderful GameCube controller without all the trouble of cables!I've had this controller for nearly eight months now, and it is still extremely dependable. All the buttons are still firm, and the control stick is still nice and tight. Nintendo hardly needs to issue any kind of a warrantee with this controller; there is hardly any chance of anything bad happening to it.  You would have to drop something heavy on it, or pour something on it.  I've dropped my controller numerous times, and nothing has happened to it yet.  It is still in nearly brand new factory specifications. I am truly amazed.Overall, this controller is better than any of its counterparts. It deserves the &quot;best controller&quot; award in my book. Nintendo has come up with another masterpiece.Mark Williams
3	B00005QEFI	I'm a huge video game fan. I can sit all day and play them and be in my own little world. I've enjoyed my Gamecube world and one of the reasons I have is because of one of the best controllers ever made.The design for the gamecube controler is comparable to the N64. All the buttons from it are back are a more compact controller. Instead of a C buttons you have the C-stick. The directional pad is the smallest it's ever been and Nintendo has kep it's sacred A and B buttons. The built in rumble is great and the option to ditch it has been on every game I've seen and played.The only knock I have against this controller is the Z button. The button is to close to the R button. I have big hands and it's hard to press it quickly sometimes. It really doesn't matter all the time and isn't that much of a problem but thats the slighest flaw this controller has.Nintendo has made this controller small and sweet. It's comfortable to hold and it doesn't have buttons you won't ever use like other controllers systems.
3	B00005QEFI	The Wii classic controller is a bit awkward and hard to use. Although it has an advantage of being wireless, you still need to attach it to the Wiimote (where it dangles like the Nunchuk). This is more of an issue when you play Gamecube games and some older downloadable virtual games when you need to press a combination of buttons to run and jump at the same time. Too bad, the jump button (on the Wii classic controller) is far from the run button and much smaller than the original design.  For these reasons, the original GC controller is still the preferable choice.I have used other 3rd party controllers and nothing can get close to the original Nintendo controller.Pros:- Perfect response. The most annoying thing that some 3rd party controllers are notorious to is snapping back to the opposite direction when you wanted to have your Pacman or Mario guy turn right or left.- Perfect handgrip- rumble effect- Unlike the Nintendo "Wavebird", this is still available.Cons:- Wired- Expensive, as Nintendo has almost abandoned the Gamecube console for Wii and very few are left.
3	B00005QEFK	The GameCube controller is, simply put, the most ergonomic, comfortable and well-designed controller available for any system. It's sturdy and so easy to use.It's about the same size as the PlayStation 2 controller, but the handle grips are molded much better to fit your hand. The two shoulder buttons (L and R) are analog, work really well as a sort of accelerator--and if you press them all the way down, there is a "click" at the bottom that acts like a second button!Since most games only use one main action button (except for fighting games), Nintendo made the main "A" button larger than all the rest. The other action buttons are placed around it in a sort of upside-down T formation, making it easy to tell which button you are pressing without looking down at the controller--this is essential for the gameplay experience, because how can you be fully immersed in a game if you keep having to look down to see what button you're pressing? ....Most people complain about the small size of the D-pad (the cross-shaped one on the left) and this is indeed a problem...if you have large fingers like me, it can be hard to use. Not that many games use it extensively though, so it shouldn't be a big deal.I like the jet black controller the best, but spice orange is a very cool color as well. It matches the orange-hued power light on top of the system. I'm pretty sure it's also the most hard to find color, so if you can get your hands on one, pick it up. The GameCube is a great system for adults and kids alike and this controller will please anybody.
3	B00005QEFK	this controler is cool!  should i get it with my black gamecube? please  vote yes or know on the online review for me if i should get the controler. luigis mansion rocks!
3	B00005QEFK	The GameCube controller. This controller is one of the best ever made. No doubt about it. Nintendo's previous controller, from the Nintendo 64, was good, but not great. It was a very different type of design. The GameCube controller is a million times better than that controller. It's really hard to believe. The very first time I held this controller in my hands, I knew it was a winner.Many people say this controller was made for people with small hands. I disagree with that. I have small hands myself, but I have a few friends who have huge hands, and they have no problems with it. The left and right triggers are in the perfect position for both of your index fingers. All the buttons on the right side of the controller are easily accessible with your right thumb. They button layout is nearly perfect; with an enlarged &quot;A&quot; button for games with repetitive pressing of a single button. The analog stick can be easily accessed with your left thumb, and it rotates smoothly every time. The C-stick has replaced the C buttons from the previous N64 controller, and it allows for much more precise control.The only problems I could possibly think of with this controller are that the control pad is a bit small, but it is very rarely used, so that really isn't too big of a problem and the second thing I could think of was that the length of the controller cable is a bit short, but that can be easily fixed with extension cables. And now that the WaveBird is out, you can enjoy the wonderful GameCube controller without all the trouble of cables!I've had this controller for nearly eight months now, and it is still extremely dependable. All the buttons are still firm, and the control stick is still nice and tight. Nintendo hardly needs to issue any kind of a warrantee with this controller; there is hardly any chance of anything bad happening to it.  You would have to drop something heavy on it, or pour something on it.  I've dropped my controller numerous times, and nothing has happened to it yet.  It is still in nearly brand new factory specifications. I am truly amazed.Overall, this controller is better than any of its counterparts. It deserves the &quot;best controller&quot; award in my book. Nintendo has come up with another masterpiece, and it looks even cooler in the Orange Spice color!Mark Williams
3	B00005QEFK	Here are the main reasons why this controller is better than any other:1. The ergonomic design feels perfect in almost any pair of hands. This is most comfortable controller by far.2. The larger A button makes sense since most games have one main button.3. The B, X, Y buttons are layed out around the A button to provide quick and easily distinguishable access. Because they have different shapes you can tell them apart without having to look down at the controller.4. The L and R trigger buttons are analog which react to how hard you press, if you press them all the way down a secondary button is clicked.5. The new analog joystick is much stronger and more precise than the previous one on N64. It also has a rubber top to provide excellent grip.6. The yellow c-stick will be used mostly for camera angles, but will also provide a secondary analog joystick whenever necessary.7. The built-in-rumble feature makes the controller jump to life while you play (Nintendo invented this aspect with the first rumble-packs for N64).If you have played games on all the systems and tried out all the controllers (like i have), then you will agree that this is the best controller by far. Not only does it melt in your hands (sometimes you will literally forget it is there), but it also features a new intuitive button layout which makes controlling games much easier. The PS2 and Xbox controllers are more confusing with buttons that are all exactly the same shape. Also the buttons on the Xbox controller are too close to each other, and the analog can even get in the way while playing! It seems like whoever designed the Xbox controller basically copied the Dreamcast controller but somehow made it worse (one word - pathetic). So far i haven't experienced anything bad with the GameCube controller, i don't even mind the smaller d-pad. I think i was actually pulling off moves faster in Tony Hawk 3 with the smaller d-pad!! I also find that the PS2 d-pad gives me blisters, especially with fighting games (games with alot of movement). This is because it is broken up in four and not connected (in one solid + shape). To sum it up- Nintendo obviously takes alot more care when they design a controller, and they've been doing it for longer than either Sony or Microsoft. The new GameCube controller reflects an evolution of the previous Nintendo controllers. It really seems like Nintendo tries to innovate with every new controller, and this one is the best yet. I have to say that while the other controllers may be 3/5 stars each, the GameCube controller is 5/5 no question. Nintendo sets new standards again!
3	B00005QEFK	The Nintendo Gamecube has the best controller out there.And it looks really cool too.It is also the most comfortable.I hope Nintendo makes completely clear colored controllers of these and wavebird controllers.
3	B00005QEFL	this is a great controller for those who have small to average sized hands. the butons are close but not too close like on the xbox and it feels great! but if you have realy large hands then you might want to go with the mad catz controler for the gamecube. this is also the standerd controller that comes with the gamecube incase you were wondering. i would recomend this to anyone with a gamecube.
3	B00005QEFL	The Wii console will play any game that Nintendo ever produced, going back 20 years, including the Gamecube. However, one needs Gamecube controllers, which are not wireless (and a gamecube memory card, if you want to save your game progress).This controller works fine with the Wii, and comes in various colors. I recommend that you purchase an extension cord for the controller, since the cord is only 6 feet long.
3	B00005QEFL	this was my first controller i got on my gamecube i got it along with my gamecube system a game and a carrying thing forit this here is really cool controoler i prefer this over then that ugly orange one that one sucks but this one is really cool.
3	B00005QEFL	I'm saying it right now. This control is so well made that mine that I got three or so years ago now, that has been thrown and walls and or smacked on something, has not broken yet. The feel is good its not to akward and you use almost all the buttons with every game you play. So if you are still in the stone age (like I am) I 150% recommend you buy this controller. If it doesn't say nintendo on it, it isn't indestructable.. well without trying to destroy it.
3	B00005QEFL	Word of advise as we approach the holiday season. Stay away from thrid part products for Nintendo. This controller is [inexpensive] enough to merrit the extra five bucks. You will not be disappointed.This is a necessity if you have more than one gamer in the house, and mandatory to get the most fun out of Mario Party 4.
3	B00005QEFL	You should see the way my son plays with this controller!  But despite his over enthusiasm,  the controller has held its own.  I have three, two of which are second-hand but they are all working perfectly.  Don't get sucked in by imitations.
3	B00005QEFL	It literally melts in your hand, it's like a mechanical extension of your hands to the gamecube.You dont even have to think about it when you're using it.
3	B00005QEFL	I arguably know that colors just make the most of a person, but they can simply also be said for the styles of a video game comtroller as well. Nintendo really does know a thing about the design of a great controller with their Gamecube controller in the simple blue color. The controller is a simple, straight forward controller that is absolutely easy to operate and very helpful in manuvering through games like Super Mario Sunshine, the thrilling Need For Speed Underground 2, and the space capers of the the dynamic Star Fox Assault just to name a few. Although you can get a controller from a third-party company like Pelican or Datel, you arguably might habe something that won't carry through very well. If you want to actually ace through the games for the Gamecube, stick with Nintendo, and the destiny of the cube is yours.Price: AControl: AEasy To Operate: AOverall: A+
3	B00005QEFL	The Wii classic controller is a bit awkward and hard to use. Although it has an advantage of being wireless, you still need to attach it to the Wiimote (where it dangles like the Nunchuk). This is more of an issue when you play older Gamecube games and downloadable virtual games when you need to press a combination of buttons to run and jump at the same time. Too bad, the jump button (on the Wii classic controller) is far from the run button and much smaller than the original design. For these reasons, the original GC controller is still the preferable choice.I have used other 3rd party controllers and nothing can get close to the original Nintendo controller.Pros:- Perfect response. The most annoying thing that some 3rd party controllers are notorious to is snapping back to the opposite direction when you wanted to have your Pacman or Mario guy turn right or left.- Perfect handgrip- rumble effect- Unlike the Nintendo "Wavebird", this is still available.Cons:- Wired- Expensive, as Nintendo has almost abandoned the Gamecube console for Wii and very few are left.
3	B00005QEFL	The Nintendo GameCube already has so much going for it in terms of superior library of game titles and a more reasonable price, but what really helps it stand out from Playstation 2 and that mammoth debacle called X-Box is its control pad.  It possesses a unique design that allows the user to developing an intuitive sense of where each button or control is and what it does, as opposed to Playstation's perfectly symmetrical controller that requires the user to consciously think about which buttons they are pressing.  The advantage to the more intuitive design is that it frees the user to focus more attention on the action taking place on the screen and, given the advanced nature of today's games, that is a very important benefit to have.  The asymmetrical way in which the buttons are placed throughout the pad help the user develop a customized feel for the pad based on the different spacings.  Additionally, the buttons, themselves, are shaped different (the X and Y buttons are kidney-shaped and the A and B buttons are different-sized round buttons), which enhances the intuitive feel of control.  Once again, Nintendo proves that it understands the user better than any other platform, and that is why it continues to be the best in the industry.
3	B00005QEFL	I order two of this for my Gamecube. It works perfectly. The product was brand new. It's the original Nintendo product. It was delivered a little late 'cause the season but still quickly. Don't have any complaint about this. Totally recommended. Awesome product.
3	B00005QEFL	The controller I purchased was authentic and not a 3rd party controller. Worked perfect for my Gamecube and on the Wii.
3	B00005QEFM	I'm not going to try to tell you which game system is the best. Some of the other reviewers here have only done a review in order to try to sell you a different system they like better, and it's pretty obvious. Don't worry--the GameCube is a really great system, and its controller feels better than the ones for competing systems. I own them all, so I speak without prejudice.The controller just feels great the moment you hold it for the first time. The shoulder buttons (L and R) are analog, so they work kinda like an accelerator--and when you press them all the way down there is a secondary &quot;click&quot; that acts like a second button. Very cool.Since most games use one main action button (except for fighting games), they made the main &quot;A&quot; button larger than all the rest. You never have to look down at the controller to see what button you're pressing like on some (&quot;Am I pressing the X or the O?&quot;), because you can always tell which is which by touch alone. This is essential, because how can you be immersed in a game when you keep having to take your eyes off the screen?The controller's only real problem is that the cross-shaped D-pad is kinda small. But most games don't even use it that much, so it's really not a big deal.The clear/indigo controller is a neat alternative to straight indigo because you can see the rumble motor moving in back.This is a really solid, comfortable controller for a system both adults and kids can enjoy. Get it!
3	B00005QEFM	This controller is pretty much perfect.  You can get a good grip on it, the buttons are easy to access, and it is easy to get used to.  The only thing that took me a while to ajust to was the Z button.  In the end, you don't need to worry about the controller.  You should be focusing on which games to get instead.  :)
3	B00005QEFM	I'm going to go over the controllers on the 128-bit generation.Here they are out of 10.Xbox Controller 0: this fat stupid controller isn't even worth mentioning in this review so I won't talk about it anymore.Playstation 2, 8: I like the PS2 controller it's easy to find the buttons and has a nice feeling.DreamCast 8: I love this controller fits in your hands well.GameCube 10: It pratically melts in your hand! Dominates the competition.
3	B00005QEFM	Look, this is plainly the BEST single controller ever!  It crushes XBox, blows away N64, and dominates Play Station 1 and 2!  I can't get enough of this slick little device; it's fantastic!  The Super Pad looks just as good.
3	B00005QEFM	It fits very nicely in the hands, just like the Super Nintendo controller did.  I wasn't too fond of how the N64 controller fit, but it has a design that is similar to the PlayStation controllers, and it fits very well in the hands.I'm just glad it doesn't have the enourmous amount of buttons that the Xbox controllers have, and it isn't so thick.Again, very nice controller.
3	B00005QEFM	Unlike the N64 controller, the GameCube controllers look like they might actually last longer than a few weeks without wearing down or falling apart.  The only problem is that this split color (indigo and clear) looks ridiculous.  Other than that a pretty good controller.
3	B00005QEFM	The GameCube controller is excellent; it fits and feels perfect in almost any pair of hands. The button layout may seem slightly untraditional, but this is a good thing, believe me. Nintendo realized that there's almost always one main button in games, so they made the A button larger. The B, X and Y buttons are laid out strategically around the A button, providing quick and easy access. They also have slightly different shapes, which makes them easily distinguishable from each other (without having to look). The top two shoulder buttons (L &amp; R buttons) are analog, so the harder you press the more they react, which proves very useful in many games. Also, the shape of the L &amp; R buttons are terrific, they are curved inward to fit your fingers perfectly. The Z button is located in front of the R button. It makes sense that they didn't put a counterpart on the left side- since you're using the analog stick or d-pad it really would be difficult to use another shoulder button effectively on the left side. Although it probably wouldn't have hurt to include it, but there are more than enough buttons anyways.The main complaint I have heard about the GameCube controller is the smaller D-pad. Personally, I barely noticed that it was smaller and find absolutely no difference or extra challenge in using it. In fact I think I can actually complete moves faster in Tony Hawk 3 because it's slightly smaller, so there! The analog control stick is very strong and will stay precise for many years, which is much better than the N64 analog stick (which always got very loose and became unusable) Also, the C-stick will be used mainly as a camera button or simply another analog controller when necessary, it hasn't been utilized much yet. The analog joystick and C joystick both have rubber tops that provide excellent grip. There's also the obligatory built-in rumble feature (an element that Nintendo brought to controllers first with the N64).There is absolutely no question in my mind that this controller is much better than either the PS2 or Xbox controller (I've used them all enough to judge). Sony's controller isn't bad, but it definitely doesn't feel nearly as nice and takes longer to get accustomed to (PS2 owners may think their controller is the best, but they are just more used to it). And Microsoft's controller is awful in my opinion; it's like an inflated dreamcast controller, maybe even worse than that. I believe that the GameCube controller is really the most intuitive and most comfortable design ever! When I first saw it I thought it would be good, when I actually held it I knew it could be great, and when I finally played games with it I realized that it's the best controller ever created! It's obvious that Nintendo designs their controllers with great care, and unlike other companies they seem to have a knack for innovating, rather than just copying.
3	B00005QEFM	This GameCube controller fits your hands perfectly. You might have some difficult about managing it from the first times you play, but, soon after, you won't even think it's a controller. In games you shoot (such as Resident Evil or Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem), you really think you are with a gun in your hands, because of the rumble feature, it's great. There are weaker and stronger rumbles... The only bad thing is the Z button, near the R button, because sometimes, at some games, when you're having, by example, a hard time defeating a boss, you might not find it... Talking about the L and R buttons, they have a perfect space to put your fingers in. If you don't like the + Control Pad, then you can use the normal Control Pad... The C Stick also helps at the games.And it's also great talking about design...
3	B00005QI2R	I always wanted to get this combo deal since I saw how small it is.  However, I was pulled back by its price and the fact that I own two PS2(domestic/import) and one universal original PlayStation.  Seriously, it will be a total waste of money to get another PSOne.  I guess, however, the timing was everything.  After I read one of the reviews, which was written wholeheartedly, on the day Sony announced price drop ..., gave me enough push to get this combo deal.  Am I satisfied?  Yes, definitely.First of all, I would like to tell you how crispy and vibrant the graphic is.  I couldn't believe how much of insane quality graphic this small screen was able to squeeze out, you gotta see for yourself to believe.  I was totally amazed by the quality, which I didn't expect at all.  If I have to point out something negative, it would have to be this 'angle' you have to adjust for maximum viewing.  It's like this big projection tv, where you have to sit and look at it from certain angle to avoid strange glare.  My other complaint has to be the length of the power cord, it's on bit short side.  But trust me, that's a really minor thing, really.How about sound quality?  I would have to say it's more than enough to fully enjoy your game in everyway you can think of.  Not only it lets you use headphone, but also you can control your volume as well.  Of course, it doesn't provide like surround system or dolby digital/dts quality sound, but I don't think any of PSOne games support that anyway (may be except Final Fantasy series with dolby surround).The strange thing is that I began to play all those PSOne games I didn't care to play before.  I guess I'm sort of like a selective gamer, who plays games till the end when and only I find them worth playing till the end.  However, this thing is so cute and so, so... WONDERFUL, it enchants those "worthless" games more "worthwhile", really, there's nothing like playing "less" worth games right before bed time..  I've been carrying it to library to play during break time or workplace.  It's very portable too.I am a big shooter fan and I replayed Striker 1945.  The good thing was that import version supports arcade screen, which let you play as it is in arcade, typical vertical shooter.  That's impossible with normal tv because you are not gonna put your tv on side way to play vertical shooter as it is, are you?  However, all you have to do with PSOne was just rotate the whole thing, and there you go, you can play Striker 1945 vertically, as it is!!! You might say what's the big difference, it's just little sacrifice on the side with normal screen.  Trust me, it makes a big difference especially for games like Striker 1945. (by the way, I found out that domestic version doesn't have that arcade screen support, doh!)Now, to conclude this, I need to answer this one question: was it worth buying another system you own when the only difference is the size and this little screen?  My answer is definitely YES and I just don't know why, but playing games on PSOne screen makes tremendous difference, don't know why but that's way it is.Now, you can play your RPGs or even Fighting games (Street Fighter Alpha 3 looks GOOD!) while you are in the bed... Wow...what can you ask for more when you have this sturdy system with high quality mini screen?  Trust me, you are getting what you are paying for.  GET IT TODAY!!
3	B00005QI2R	I recently picked up a Sony PSone/LCD screen combo. To be honest I wasnt expecting it to be all great and wonderful, but it is. The LCD screen is made by Sony, it's backlit and very very clear. I would compare it to flat screen PC monitor, there is no streaking or lag when your playing games either. The "stereo sound" it claims to put out was surprising to me as well, for such a small compact unit it cranks out the sound. Out of the box it is one complete unit, no need to assemble things, just plug it in & play. The entire combo is sturdy and compact, nothing flimsy or cheap about it. I have made the mistake of buying second brand crap in the past to save a few bucks and it's not worth it. I just hope Sony makes a LCD monitor for the PS2.The only negative thing I can say about this product;Sony did not include a car adaptor
3	B00005QI2R	Absolutly amazing this ps1 and lcd screen combo is not only light compact SMALLER THEN AN PS2 SLIM! but portable not only as in easy to carry but if you have the ac adapter or an converter to make it work as an car adapter so its pretty much usable anywhere! if i didint know any better i say it loads even faster then an original ps1 and the lcd sceen even upgrades the graphics making comparable to even a ps2 slim great for very LONG BORING road trips First the screen you dont even realize your staring at a small screen because the amazing clarity it looks like you take a ps1 games digitally remaster it and use it on a true HD tv and you dont stain your eyes trying to utilize pretty good graphics on a small screen especialy unclear subtitles! you can also connect it to a tv without removing this amazing little screen but trust me you wont have to this screen also folds right onto the aystems disk reader also easier to remove disks from this newer ps1 and not scratch them then in the original playstation you can also use this anywhere theres an ac outlet in the house i love the menu when you start up to check your data and YES it works with the komodo brand memory card THE SOUND QUALITY is absolutly CRISP CLEAN AND CLEAR! FOR VERY SMALL SPEAKERS! as well as does everything the original ps1 does Overall this product is great I also love the comfort of the the controll for psone i highley recommend buying this product you wont regret this investment especially if you travel ALOT!!!!! Accessories and games I Reccomend to buy with this for full enjoyment that will allow your ps1 and games to last VERY VERY long and enhance your game experience BEYOND the limit even further beyond the original bundle! Accessories if your psone dosent come with its car adapter dont sweat it if you dont have enough bundled up to buy  it just get an wall outlet converter it attatches to the outlet and allows it to work in the car controlls arsenal brand 3rd party controlls are you best choice this controll works on ps2 and psone it also has a turbo button for games that you need a fast eye and well.... just dont have one this controll is presise and all controlls work very perfect as much as an original sony brand controll for all your ps1 games.if you like graphic controlls this is your best choice get the dream gear iglow custom glow effects controll comes in various colors this controll is also great and works with psone it is wireless awesome! now if you have a psone and you have a house with loud sounds like a blender or cleaning ware any typical noise allways going off get the sylvania brand wireless headphones they will at times fuzz out if the sound on your game is too high pitched or your too fat from them but they have pretty good sound quality allright moving on to the second and or third most important part of the game yes thats right the memory card if you want a good memory card for psone only get the komodo brand memory card it works perfectly with your psone system its much cheaper then the sony brand only problem is it does not have backwards compatability with the ps2 if you want one that does have that better fling out the extra cash get sony or slightly cheaper mtcatz brand they both work pretty awesome for that such... also reccomend buying the ps2 slim its great i have a reveiw for that 2 if you want to buy won it might help now then moving on to the most important part about the games I HIGHLY reccomend just a reccomendation  NOT! buy Crash bandicoot crash 2 crash 3 crash CTR Crash bash Dbgt final bout croc legend of gobbos croc 2 Hes back! Frogger! Frogger two not the same company but still pretty good harry potter chamber of secrets pipe dreams spyro the dragon spyro 2 riptos rage my favorite by the way as well as crash 3 warped and finnaly spyro 3 year of the dragon now then to keep high quality playback for your games wipe your discs with  kleenex soft single use hand wipes very soft allmost lint free wipe off finger prints ironicly  lint dirt other things that take away good playback Break out your system get the jvc laser lens cleaner this ENSURES! quality gaming works for dvds ps2 and psone  and lastly tired of having scratched up games that dont work anymore? and these games ARE EXPENSIVE to buy over and over again even used!? NEVER AGAIN! buy the skip game dvd doctor this is very inexpensive to buy 18- 25 dollars get the hand cranked version the motorized version is knowed to blow up soon and burn your disks this really works it dosent make them look better but it sure does work! get more information from my ps2 slim review i also HIGHLY recomment the Caselogic PDVS-4 7-Inch In-Car DVD Player Case (Black) This hangs onto your car seat inbetween both on on the back of one it really works i have a reveiw for this as well for more info I'll soon be writing reveiws on all the games and or accessories that ive listed at least what can be found here on amazonnot much more to say but enjoy you will never be bored again!
3	B00005QI2R	The resolution is good, I don't miss any details in the video games I play on it. It's got a headphone plug so you can play anywhere without disturbing people. You can plug it in to your television just like a regular PS1 without the extra LCD screen, and it shows up on both screens a the same time... nice for two player games. (Note: It shows the same thing on both screens, so you don't get different views of the game).The built in sound isn't the best, probably like laptop speakers, but you can plug your headphones into it, or just use your AV out and plug it in to your stereo...The best part is, in addition to being a CD player / PS1 game player, you can plug in an external input for any kind of video - TV, VCR, DVD, PS2. Here's how.Buy a 1/8" stereo male to dual RCA female adapter.Plug the yellow video out from the PS2 into the white plug of the adapter.Plug the white left audio out from the PS2 into the red plug of the adapter.And you're good to go. The screen should turn itself on whenever the 1/8" plug is in.Sure you only get a mono/left signal, but if you can switch your material to mono it works. 95% of the time this should be fine. Or you can buy further adapaters & combine the left & right signals.
3	B00005QI2R	I bought mine with the Playstation at Walmart on March 2nd 2003 I got for $150.00 and plus another $40.00 for the car adaptor its been over 9 years since I bought it and I still got it.
3	B00005QI2R	I bought this mainly for my car. I had the original PSX, however this is much smaller. I got a great deal on my combo. PSX, screen, and adapter for 60 even. Any way, if spend 40 dollars extra on the mobile power station, you can have the best portable gaming system available. THe games are the best. No one can argue with that. THe graphics are great considering the size. HOwever, if you want this for gaming at home, I reccommend going with either a gamecube, ps2, or xbox. These are great HOME systems, while this is a great portable system. I have enjoyed this system a great deal. As long as you expect too much from a 7 year old system, you should be happy.
3	B00005QI2S	The LCD screen for the PS One exceeds all expectations. The graphics are amazingly clear, and the sound is nice and crisp. It simply hooks onto the back of your PS one, and folds down for easy transport in a bag. The screen is super thin, but extremely sturdy. This is a major plus because unlike the other LCD screens out there, it doesn't add too much excess bulk or weight to the system.But please, only get the official Sony LCD screen. There are a number of low quality knockoffs out there that either suffer terrible burn-in before long, break easily due to shoddy construction, or give poor picture and sound quality. This is the only one worth getting.
3	B00005QI2S	Well, I finally got hold of one of Sony's new screens for the PS one. Was it worth the wait? Yes!First off, for those of you who don't know, this is a thin film transistor (TFT) liquid crystal screen that can be screwed into the back of a Sony PS one, allowing you to play without a TV. The display screen itself is 5&quot; diagonally, or about 4&quot; by 3.25&quot; in size. The screen is hinged to a 3/4 inch-thick backer that is the same size as the back of a PS one. The backer plugs into the console's DC In and Audio Video Out. Once it is plugged in, the backer looks almost like it is an integral part of the PlayStation. It can be held more firmly in place by means of a pair of screws. The screws' heads are huge (about 2/5 of an inch in diameter) and made of some kind of non-pliable alloy, so it would be practically impossible to strip them or damage their driver slots. And if you don't have a screwdriver handy, they are large enough to allow you to use a coin. The backer has a pair of rubber pads (like the four under the PS one) on its underside, and these keep the system stable even when the screen is tilted back all the way. Because it is hinged, the screen can fold neatly down on top of the PS one, laptop style. Four buttons allow you to adjust screen brightness and sound volume. All in all, the unit is well-constructed and very nice to look at.The visual display is of the highest quality that I've seen yet. The resolution is very high, higher, in fact, than that of InterAct's Mobile Monitor. I stayed up late last night testing out all my games with the screen, and I couldn't find a single problem with it. The colors were bright and rich, the framerate was smooth, and the resolution was excellent. On other monitors that I've tried, small or irregular fonts were unreadable, but not so here. Even Vagrant Story's weird custom font was clear and easy to read. The only font I couldn't read was that of the menu text in Wipeout 3, but I can't read that on a widescreen TV, either, so it doesn't count. I could even read the tiny text in the opening disclaimer of Syphon Filter. I'll never need a TV for my PS one again; the only time I'd really prefer one is when I'm playing with a friend and we want to sit back and away from the screen. Still, this screen works fine in two-player mode. Four players and a multitap might get a little crowded, though . . .The screen has an absolutely wonderful pair of speakers. I love them. They will go up to a pretty high volume, and never really lose their quality or crackle, even if you turn them up all the way. I tested the screen with a wide variety of games, including games with more aggressive music and games with quieter, subtler music. Everything came through smoothly and clearly. A headphone jack in the back of the unit allows you to plug in if you want. Audio output is flawless, whether you're using headphones or your own speakers.Another nice feature is the Audio Video In plug, which allows you to plug a camcorder, MP3 player, or other such device into the PS one screen and use it for viewing and/or listening. And since the backer has an AV Multi Out plug on it, you can plug the PlayStation back into your TV without taking off the screen.When you plug your PS one with its screen into the wall, you will need to use a special adaptor, which is included with the screen. It is worth noting that if you use an original PS one adaptor, you can damage your console.This is the best screen currently available for the PS one. I don't know if you can plug it into another console or a DVD player (as you can with InterAct's screen), but I do know that the video and audio quality on this screen is superior to any other currentlly available. The MSRP is higher than that of screens from Pelican and other third-party manufacturers, but lower than that of InterAct's offering. Since the resolution and sound quality of this screen is higher than even InterAct's Mobile Monitor, I would say that it is the best buy for those who have enough money. If you don't, it may be worth your while to save up a bit longer and pick this up. It's a great little device, and exceeds my expectations in every way. Sony, in my humble opinion, YOU ROCK!
3	B00005QI2S	The LCD Screen for the PS1 is amazing. The 5-inch screen is the best accessory available for the PS1. The LCD screen hooks on to the back of the system into the multiport and audio slots.The LCD screen is good to use anywhere but allows you to play games in your car while traveling. It has a port to hook up to a DVD player to watch on the LCD-screen. The screen may be small but it is a great deal for people traveling a lot who miss playing their video games.The price is a little high at around 100 dollars. If you own a PS1, don't miss out on the LCD screen.
3	B00005QI2S	I travel cross country with the kids fairly often and any parents out there know what that means. The LCD screen is the perfect item for my sanity. With the car adapter (sold seperately) I can hook up the playstation and earphones--with a spliter both kids can listen--and life is good. When you get to your destination or vacation and it rains or you are stuck somewhere, pull out the regular adapter and play continues with no need to pull apart anyone's TV setup.Of the screens I looked at out there, this is the best. First, it is a sony product so the warranty stays intact and the fit is the best out there. The visual quality is great and the speakers work suprisingly well. I have had it for over 6 months and criss-crossed the US and Europe with no problems. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys their PS.
3	B00005QI2S	I recently got this LCD screen, and I couldn't be happier. It makes out of town trips more enjoyable, and the quality is superb. DO NOT get other brands, but get only the genuine Sony screen. In addition, don't close the screen while the console is on, or it will overheat. Also, be sure to keep the image on the screen moving, or it will freeze.
3	B00005QI67	This was the very first game I got for GCN (I got it before I got GCN!), and I was impressed instantly.  This one very smooth and high quality game!  It has all the modes you could ask for, such as Situation, Practice, Franchise, Create-A-Player, and Two Minute drill just to name a few.The graphics are amazing, and some of the best on GCN.  There are over 100 faces for the players, so rarely will you see the same face twice.  And the players faces aren't just paintings, their mouths move as if talking, eyes move, they blink, and everything.  The game is so detailed that it throws on grass stains and helmet marks when a player gets slammed to the ground or takes a hard hit.  The framerate is also very good, it only lags rarely when you down on your own 1 or something like that.The controls are easy to pick up, too, of course.  Each player has his own button for you to throw with him, and it is easy to scramble as a QB and juke people out as a RB/HB.  Catching is automatic, so no worries about that.  Madden 2002 has near flawless controls.Of course, there is always one downfall of the game, and it is the difficulty.  The game gets very easy up to All-Pro, and when you advance up to All-Madden, the game is just too hard (opposing players are extremely hard to tackle and break 70 yard runs every other play).With all the factors and everything combined this game gets a...A- (9.2/10)(yes my scale is kinda odd)
3	B00005QI67	We all know the 2 kinds of football games. Theres NFL Blitz where players fly across the field, beat [each other up], and the football is the size of there heads, then theres Madden. The great thing about madden is that it's simply realistic. Real physics, real penaltys, a player can get injured. Plus, get this, you can challenge calls. I have never used this option before. It's great!What makes Madden unbeleivble is it's awesome "Instant Replay" option. You can see the entire field, with the abilility to move, turn and zoom freely. You can choose EAsy mode (Get it, EAsy for EA sports. Heh, heh) and Normal. Also you may select Madden Cards (Which is cool feature) or training. During the game you can get points for completing certain goals (i.e, making a 30 yard pass, intercepting, sacking the QB making 3 tackels with one player, a 30 yard field goal, etc) Not to forget the ability to turn penalties on, or decrease there size. With a create-a-team option or God-like players (On the Ecko team) Gameplay gets 10/10.The graphics don't get much better. With details on every player, coach and referee, it's amazing. Instant Replay's aren't grainy or choppy, they look perfect. There is absolutly nothing wrong with the graphics. It gets a perfect 10/10.Because it's EA you know that the commentary will be great. John Madden cracks me up with his little sayings he quotes. Not to mention you can hear the announcer say funny phrases. Such as, once, I cleary heard him say "Would the owner of a blue jeep cherokee, liscene 767-EXE please report to the parking lot? You're vehicle is on fire." What's wrong with it? Well, either i'm havinh Deja Vu, or the people say the same things maybe 3 times per game. After a while it gets boring because the don't say new things. With a small subtraction because of repetition, the sound receives a 8/10.Speed? Well, let me just say I wasn't happy. Unlike other Gamecube games, which load within 5 or 10 seconds, Madden takes 30-35 seconds. It's worth it in the end though! Unfortunatly, I have to nail the speed by giving it a harsh 7/10.Controls are amazing. It just makes perfect sense! When the ball is snapped, you will see an A,B,X,R or L over certain players heads. (During Normal mode you must press "A" first) Just press the corresponding button and the QB will pass. X is spin. Y is jump. C-stick in stiff arms. B is dive. It just makes perfect sense. A 10/10 is definitly fair for this element.Replay ... well DUH! I'm not going to buy a Football game and play it once. I think all sports game need to have a 10/10 for replay or they just aren't worth buying. So, of course, Madden 2002 gets a 10/10As you can see, if you're going to get a Football game, get Madden. Let's review:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 8/10Speed: 7/10Controls: 10/10Replay value: 10/10Total: 55/60 giving Madden 2002 a 91.67CheatsThere are no real cheats. Some Easter Eggs, like special Holiday Commentary, and a few cheats, like maximum player stat points, add to the game. I'll give it a +2Madden 2002's new score is a 93.67
3	B00005QI67	I got my Gamecube for Christmas, and I went out two days later to get Madden 2002. After I brought it home and put it in, I was pleasantly surprised. The graphics are incredibly realistic, but the sounds are awesome... You can really hit people hard in this game, and when you do, boy, do you hear it! To add to the fray, John Madden and Pat Summerall do a great commentary after each play, and they talk about individual players as well.But after you're done hearing that &quot;the owner of the red sports car has left your lights on,&quot; you want great gameplay, and Madden delivers. You can just play single games, or you can do an entire season. But if you want more, you can even run a franchise through 30 seasons drafting players and building superstars over the years.Another dimension of the game is the Madden Cards. By practicing in the two-minute drills or doing things like throwing a 30-yard pass in the games, you earn tokens that can be used to buy Madden Cards. These cards boost your players' abilities during games and can be traded with other people.I do have to give you three words of warning, however. The first is that you need to make sure you memorize all the controls so your players actually do what they're supposed to. Second, you have to save everything yourself, it doesn't do that for you... And finally, to save a season, you need an *entire* memory card....This is a great Gamecube game, though, and a must-have for anyone who likes playing football on their TV!
3	B00005QI67	I had never played a great football game until early January 2002. I thought I did, but I didn't. Nope, Madden 2002 beats all of them by quite a bit.Graphics: 10/10Okay, so I admit it, these graphics are the best. They beat plenty of other Gamecube games.Controls: 10/10Here, I can find problems with Madden 2002 for many systems.XBOX: White button? Why not the left trigger.PS2: The controller is pretty bad at this.PS: Same as PS2N64: Not too many here but, it's not as good as the Cubes.GAMECUBE: NO PROBLEMS!Speed: 8/10The only Gamecube game I have played with loading times. (They are short.) Oh well.Sound: 9/10The music is awesome, but those announcers (esspecially the lady) can get annoying.Gameplay 10/10This is what it comes down to. Is it fun? Yes. It has tons of amazing modes plus great football you won't find in Blitz or QB Club. Get it... NOW!
3	B00005QI67	Madden 2002 is a great game.  This game has great graphics and it has more than most basic football games. Franchise is fun to play with all real NFL Players. Making a team is great,fantastic, and amazingly new. Buy this game now. I MEAN NOW!!!!!!Never buy the wrong football game.
3	B00005QI67	All I have to say is, this is the best simulation Football game to date period....Buy it Now.....
3	B00005QIQM	This is an older title, that is now very affordable and well worth the money.Similar to may other games around at the moment, including the hugely popular Medal of Honor - you control a special unit of soldiers through around 12 or so levels across Europe during the latter part of WWII.An array of weapons, tasks and specialities are available to you as you equip up to 4 team members (picked from a choice of 12 for each mission)on each level, which progressively get harder and require more task solving. The &quot;Easy&quot; level is actually not that easy, and where the game scores, I feel is in believability (one head shot kills, for example). The only aspect of the game I found annoying was the inability to pre select tasks for the group members you don't control. As you can only carry out the actions of one member at a time, switching between characters is a little frustrating, and those not under your control tend to act of their own accord during the mission, if they are in the midst of the action. Hidden &amp; Dangerous was better from the point of view of being able to &quot;send&quot; other team members to specific areas, whilst you carried on with one, but this is still very enjoyable.Fans of this type of game will certainly feel that it is money well spent, and the game does keep your attention for many mnay hours (as long as you don't cheat). Definite two thumbs up!
3	B00005QIQM	While priced low, don't be fooled into thinking this is a budget title. It's not. This is a first-rate game at a bargain price. It is a WW II mission-based game in which you control a squad of men into Germany. You can switch at ANY time from first to third person. You can also switch bodies with any of your men at any time, which is really cool. You can command your men to hold position, attack, or follow in a variety of formations. You can commandeer vehicles. The sniper rifle has always been my favorite gun in any game that offers them, and I was delighted to see one here, and it works fine. You must sneak and strategize to survive. When starting the game you pick your squad from 12 available men with different skills. Then you outfit them however you like. This is a nice feature and is more involving than other shooters, but it is very easy to do. There are rain effects, and the grass even blows in the wind. The graphics are great, and I was amazed to find that the game ran smoothly (640 x 480) on my ageing PII 450 with an NVidia TNT 1 video card. I'm running 256 MB ram and 16 MB video ram. I'm running it with high detail. I imagine if your video card is 32 MB, you could crank the resolution higher and still get good framerates. This game even comes with a small manual, which contains most everything you'll need to know to play the game. Others have mentioned a few graphical glitches, but I have seen none of those on my system, and I suspect video card driver problems with those who have had those problems. Bottom line: This would be a great game even if it was full-priced. This is the best money I've spent all year, and I can only hope this low pricing is the start of a trend.
3	B00005QIQM	This game has great graphics, (provided you have a good graphics card) excellent shadows and light, textures, etc.  The gameplay is fairly basic, not too complicated like many new war games. This game is better than some games that I have paid twice as much for.  I have so far only played one other squad based game that I like more than this...
3	B00005QIQP	Unlike the first Kessen it's not realistic like the first one but it's much better because you shoot thousands of rocks onto troops or shoot massive lightning bolts at them. Also unlike the first you are inside the battle with all your troops which is amazing because theres up to 500 soldiers fighting at once in a battle.Battle isn't the only thing you do in this game. You strategize which commanders you use and what route they take. Also you can decide ways to improve your army like making your troops farm for more provisions or devolope new weapons.Although not educational like the first one it took a good turn in the right direction.
3	B00005QIQP	But for a game of this technical and imaginative level, I say "who cares?!"  Sure, the gameplay is definately imperfect, but ask yourself this: how many RTS games on a console have played anywhere as nicely as this one?  Answer: none.  Starcraft 64, eat your heart out.Firstly, the game utalizes simple commands to execute larger-scale movements.  When forces are in thousands of soldiers in size, in real life you'd probably lose immediate and fast control over them all pretty quickly too....this game as such seemed to be more realistic in that fashion.  There're really only three unrealistic aspects to the gameplay: 1) you can command a force that's miles away from you instantly; 2) there is lots of sorcery; and 3) how do you get so many legions of men to fight the corrupt?Secondly, the graphics are amazing.  Full of color and activity.  Seeing 500 troops with only partial slowdown is very nice, and the fact that you can control an officer to get involved in the combat to see it up close.  When you're not in control, an automatic camera changes perspective of your troops, be they running or battling (something the original Kessen lacked graphically, putting me to sleep, personally).  The game is also full of great special effects (and I'm not even brushing upon the SFX in the FMV, or the FMV itself yet!).  When dueling, sparks fly, and energy is shot out from these heroes' combatting, and the spell effects are simply huge in scale, and destruction.Thirdly, the music is worthy of purchasing the soundtrack even if you haven't played the game.  It's fully symphonized, somewhat catchy, easy to listen to, and full of emotion.  True, the voice work here and there cries out: "I'm a good actor, but I don't know what I'm doing!"  However, they still tell the story well enough for the most part...good during the important moments at least.Finally, cinematically and emotionally, this game is incredible.  FMV drives the story like one would not believe.  Kessen II truly has about 3x as much FMV as Final Fantasy X, and for a game only about 8 hours long, that's far beyond amazing!!  I sometimes still watch the FMV at the begining because it's so amazingly full of emotion, and beautifully photographed; being a film major, the lighting, scenery, item placement and art direction is important to me greatly, and I am fully satisfied here!  When people tell me that games like this and Final Fantasy X and Xenosaga are too cinematic, frankly I get very aggrivated...instead I ask: "why can't all movies be as deep and engaging as these games?"  GAMES!!  Why is Hollywood, save a few nice epics, falling behind what was once Pong?!All in all, if you like epic stories with high production values, and also like to play the head of war, then you need to get this game!  Just expect a bunch of historical references, rather than any kind of historical lessons...whatsoever.
3	B00005QIQP	As one of many players with a background in old-school strategy / war simulation games, I have played several installments of KOEI's Romance of the Three Kingdoms.  So naturally, Kessen seemed worthy of further investigation.What you probably already know is that the Kessen series covers the same historic period as the RTK series.  And it has the same great personalities of all the Generals.  So what makes it unique?Kessen is different due to the ground-level view of events, as opposed to 3 Kingdom's very high-level views.  Example, in RTK you fight battles by-the-numbers and the feel is like moving men on a chess board.  The important decisions often happen before you ever enter battle, and have to do with logistics.With Kessen you are in the trenches, controlling the body movements of individual generals, in real-time, as they engage the enemy.  Logistical decisions still affect the battles, however, the complexity of managing resources has been wiped so that the game can focus on the fight.  Decisions are very general and might be as simple as "Choose one to produce: Rice, Soldiers, or Weapons".Is it worth it / fun to play?  Yes, absolutely.  KOEI did a great job on the execution and balance of the game.  It can get a little bit button mashy, but thats OK, because you are enjoying watching the battle unfold and there's only so much a general can do at once anyway.  Its a bargain to add to your colection.
3	B00005QIQP	Once upon a time in China two warriors, Liu Bei and Cao Cao, made a pact to take down the evil Han empire. Unfortunately, C. Cao went all Dark Side on Liu and the two ended up fighting each other. Their epic struggle is the stuff of Chinese legend and is recorded in a famous tome called Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Veteran strategy gamers know that Koei and RTK are practically joined at the hip. So it's no surprise that after launching Kessen last year with an ancient Japanese scenario, Koei's returned to familiar territory for Kessen II. This historical PlayStation 2 strategy game's more show than go...but what a show! Kessen II's visuals are primarily a spectacular display of computer-generated cinematics. You witness titanic clashes between armies, awesome elemental magic attacks, stunning ninja fights, and ingenious Asian instruments of war. It's like watching the trailer for some awesome anime DVD! However, things trail off dramatically once you get into the gameplay. The workmanlike controls don't ask you to do much, but they enable you to adequately oversee 30 campaigns. You can easily select battle units and painstakingly move them into position with the overhead view contour map. The pacing here is very slow as you select and then move multiple units. It also takes several minutes for units to reach their positions, but at least you can watch some great movies as they charge forward.Battles are mostly won and lost from this vantage point. You spend a lot of time just watching, but you also have the option of affecting the outcome by quickly zooming in on a particular battle to control an individual commander. A few simple button presses enable you to bust magic attacks and you can jam buttons to fight with weapons, but moving around with the joysticks is slow and imprecise. Kessen II gets pop from nicely synched music and dramatic dialogue that you must hear to advance through the game. However, since it's translated from Japanese and is so movie-like in its presentation, it occasionally suffers from stereotypically wacky dubbing. Some dialogue doesn't match lip movement and a few voices don't fit the look and feel of the characters-you hear ancient Chinese warriors talk with the hint of irritating Valley girl accent or a little stoner dude drawl. It's humorous and entertaining but probably unintentionally so.This campaign comes off as unbalanced. It's a decent battlefield challenge that marches steadily along surrounded by major cinematic fireworks. But the difference between the sheer energy in the cinemas and the painstaking gameplay is so striking that it feels like you're fighting battles less to win them than to see the next visual treat.
3	B00005QIQR	I've always been attracted to sim games, but I inevitably get bored with them -- as neat as &quot;SimCity&quot; is, there's really no POINT. It's like a digital aquarium, really: Get the system stable and thriving and then ... watch it.&quot;Majesty,&quot; though, solves that problem. Sure, it's a sim, a medieval fantasy version of &quot;SimCity&quot; by way of &quot;Dungeons &amp; Dragons.&quot; In addition to creating rogues guilds, dwarven settlements, blacksmithies and the like, &quot;Majesty&quot; is based around &quot;epic quest&quot; scenarios wherein you're challenged to defeat some evil facing the land, send your heroes on a quest for some fabled artifact, rescue a hostage taken by villains and so on.Just as in &quot;SimCity,&quot; you don't control your wizards, warriors, rogues, elves, dwarves, gnomes, thieves and so on. Instead, you have to do what any good monarch does in a fantasy game: Put prices on monsters' heads and offer rewards for heroes willing to explore unknown (and almost certainly hostile) territory.&quot;Majesty&quot; is a hoot, and a massive timesink: You'll lose whole nights and weekends to it without realizing it, and love every minute of trying to squeeze a bit more service out of heroes who'd rather laze about the inn than go study new spells or visit an elven hut-of-ill-repute than go fight the troll heading for the kingdom's market.The epic quests included with on the original disk are fun, and an additional one is available from on the official Web site. But while there's a large jump from the beginner to advanced quests and then another more moderate jump from advanced to expert quests, they ultimately don't prove too challenging overall. Expect to finish most of the quests with a week or two of nightly play (less if you've got more time to devote to the game).The good news is that this edition includes &quot;The Northern Expansion,&quot; and suddenly, the game jumps up a fair bit in difficulty -- although not beyond that which most players can handle, if they've played through the original missions -- and the difficulty scales up nicely from there. The expansion otherwise adds new buildings and monsters, but while these are nice, the real value of it is in having more (and more difficult) adventures.An excellent game for sim fans who, like me, want a bit more direction and focus to their gaming experience. While it's worth the price -- it really is a unique and entertaining game -- it's not one you're likely to spend playing for months and months to come. Even now, years after having purchased the original game, I still pull this game out periodically, something only Sid Meier's &quot;Pirates&quot; is otherwise able to do.A true classic and a great addition to the library of any RPG or RTS or Sim player.
3	B00005QIQR	Majesty entered a world where RTSes had been solidly institutionalized for over five years (the four Xes, eXplore, eXploit, eXpand and eXterminate) and put a genuinely new twist on things.In Majesty, you don't waste your time mining and directing minions to go hither and yon. You build your castle, your kingdom's amenities and, as you can afford themn, hero guilds. Each hero guild can support a certain number of heroes (usually 4), although you'll usually have to buy heroes.But fret not, because each hero will pay you back many times over by visiting your marketplaces, blacksmiths, inns, and son on. In addition, each guild generates a bit of money on its own, and some provide extra services which can generate revenue.Your tax collectors will walk from building to building collecting gold, ultimately returning it to your castle or nearby guard houses, while your heroes do whatever they do best. (Rangers explore, rogues steal, and so on.)The more you build, the more support buildings (peasant huts) will pop up, themselves generating some revenue. Other side effects of urban life (like sewer drains) will appear, too.The lands are always plagued with some menace or other, however, and its your job as king to make the world safe for--well, your taxpayers. Majesty, however, unlike most other RTSes, gives you no means to directly manipulate your subjects.If you want a monster dead, then, you must place a bounty on it. If you're trying to destroy the evil crypt generating vampires, you must place a bounty on that. If you want to explore a dark area of the map, you can place an explore flag and try to draw heroes there--for a price.All-in-all, this formula works, though it's not yet perfected. The balance between building facilities (like the marketplace) and building the guilds/generating heroes that you need to protect your kingdom is very well done. The heroes autonomy is good: Sometimes the destruction of a certain target will result in a greater evil being released, so you'll want to delay that--but your Paladins will have other ideas. On the other hand, your heroes can be so aggressive on their own that they win the game for you while you're not even aware of it.If you've built a solid infrastructure for your city, you know you've won. The difference between a beginner's game and an expert's game becomes whether you can survive the opening minutes, and occasionally how well you prepare for the trigger event (the accomplishing of one goal that results in a rush of monsters).So, if the game has a fault, it's that it's too easy. I don't mind; I enjoyed all the scenarios and liked that I could finish them.Majesty Gold includes the Northern Expansion, an add-on of modest proportions with some tweaks to the rules to make the game harder. The add-on parts, with the tougher, winter-oriented monsters, are quite cool. The tweaks to the game rules, on the other hand, show the game's relative newness. They do make the game harder, but only by way of making it somewhat more frantic in those opening minutes: Even with the tweaks, it's an easy game.But that's to be expected: The designers can't directly borrow from Starcraft (and clones) to get ideas. They have a new framework to figure out. Majesty 2 is not a shoo-in at this point, but let's hope the developers get a chance to do it. This is an interesting new direction that should be explored.Meanwhile, we have this game, with solid gameplay, great artwork from industry stalwart Cyberlore, and remarkably few bugs.
3	B00005QIQR	This game takes everything good about Civilization and Packages it with everything good about a Fantasy RPG!I've played this game for hundreds of hours and the heros you 'control' have so much personality and randomness and depth that you almost never get tired.  This must be what God Jesus felt like during the middle-ages.
3	B00005QIQR	WinXP users with DirectX9 and nVidia viedo cards that can't see the beginning movie after install making the game unplayable - Start Menu, Run, DXDiag, Display Tab, Disable DirectDraw Acceleration.  (Remember to turn it back on after you are done.)  ***Leave everyone a comment if it also occurs in Vista and is a vaild fix too.***Currently additional downloadable quests from the manufacturer are not supported on the 'Gold' edition:- The Wrath of Krolm- The Balance of Twlight
3	B00005QIQR	This is like Civilization game but cuter. Graphics are detailed and the game mechanics work well. Good game from the past and fun to play on a rainy day. PC requirements are low. The game is &#34;PG&#34; with no cussing, sex, or drinking. Animated violence only.
3	B00005QIQR	Great game, it's fun, and very addicting, I can't walk away from it. I remeber playing this game as a kid and its still fun.
3	B00005QIQR	This is a very fun game to play, it is also aggravating, complex and hard as heck in a couple of places if you don't cheat (Glares at cheaters) but it is a blast to play and really fun of course if the rogues let a troll kill off my tax collector one more time because i haven't placed a bounty on it yet i will level their guildhall...
3	B00005QIQR	I really enjoyed this game when it first came out, so I got it for nostalgia sake.  The gameplay is fairly unique and I find it challenging.  All told it is fun and a great value.
3	B00005QIQR	This review was written by my son, James SheaThe basic concept behind Majesty is that the player is a king or queen in a medieval fantasy country called Ardania. This kingdom is inhabited by all the adventurers and monsters one would expect from such a setting. As monarch, the player cannot directly intervene in most cases; compare this to, say, Warcraft, where everyone is under the player's direct control. The monarch in Majesty can place building plans (which peasants will automatically redirect towards constructing), cast spells (if the appropriate facilities are constructed), hire heroes, purchase upgrades to buildings and place reward flags. This is the extent of your power; you cannot directly tell a warrior to go destroy a troll attacking your town, but you can place a bounty on its head so that heroes will want to go get it. This is the key difference from Warcraft; the game is half about strategy and half about convincing your kingdom's heroes that they should help you.The main focus of the game is the heroes, of course; by building various types of guilds, you can recruit a certain number of heroes (usually four per guild). These guilds include warrior's guilds, ranger's guilds, wizard's guilds, and temples of various gods and goddesses. Different heroes have different temperaments and abilities. Rogues are greedy and will pilfer from enemy buildings and lairs more than they'll destroy them, but are easily influenced by reward flags. Rangers spend most of their time exploring, and act as the eyes and ears of the sovereign. Wizards can cast powerful spells, but are fragile. Gnomes aren't good fighters, but are cheap and will help the peasants build things around the settlement. Certain groups (priests and non-human races, primarily) do not like certain other groups. Elves, gnomes, and dwarves all dislike each other, so you can only have one group in your kingdom at a time. Temples have rivalries and friends - the temples of Law and Good like each other, but dislike Chaos and Evil (and vice versa). The same goes for the temples of the Sun and Moon Gods - you can only have one of either at a time.Other buildings are usually meant to either defend your settlement (namely, the guardhouses that are staffed by city watchmen and can shoot arrows at enemies) or support your hero population. Of the second group, there are blacksmiths (that upgrade weapons), marketplaces (that sell various magic items), tournament grounds (for training), and various types of inns and relaxation areas. Heroes earn money through adventuring or by collecting the bounties you set for them; they spend this money on upgrades for themselves. The hero AI is pretty smart, and heroes most of the time will know when to purchase new things, when to use their special abilities, when to use healing potions, and when to flee from battle. Heroes also level up through combat, so it's to your benefit to try to keep your heroes alive (so that they can deal with the stronger threats plaguing your kingdom). Enemies also come in various sizes, as well, from the low-level giant rats to various types of goblins and ratmen to stronger foes like medusas and hydras. Their level belies their rarity; rats will come through sewer vents to attack your town and cannot be stopped (the sewer is a necessary part for a growing city) but medusas will only come into your kingdom once in a rare while.The graphics in this game - done in a 2D cartoonish style without being weirdly proportioned - still look pretty good today. Unlike a lot of old games, it looks like "well-drawn 2d" instead of "blocky 3d", which works to its advantage. Heroes and monsters all have portraits (one per class or monster type, not individual portraits) that are well illustrated. The music is good, though the same music gets used a lot. The voice acting is extensive, with a different voice for every type of hero, and a quip for every situation (the things they say are helpful with running the kingdom, to serve as a quick indication of what they're doing). There is also a royal advisor who assists you during play who has a fairly humorous Sean Connery accent.Even though this game is old, it runs fine on Vista when acquired through GamersGate. The gold edition also includes the expansion, which adds some new buildings and many new missions. This is one game that is still just as good now as it was when it came out.Rating: 9/10.
3	B00005QIQR	I remember playing this game as a teenager, and it was fantastic! I recently have been trying to find old games that I loved playing on the computer, and this one was one that came to mind. I have Windows 8 and was afraid this was not going to work, but it does! Without a problem!The price I got it for was wonderful, and the gameplay is just the same as it was before. The Gold Edition has additional objectives to play, and they are all just as good as the original ones. I would recommend this to anyone who likes role playing games, and the great games they had in the late 90s early 00s.
3	B00005QIQR	I bought this game on a whim and have been quite delighted with it. It's very simplistic, you're not getting a lot of strategy play or shoot 'em up stuff (like in CIV III, Warcraft or Empire Earth), but at the same time it's highly addictive.Perhaps its simplicity is the key. That, and the delightful narrator who sounds suspiciously like Sean Connery. The premise is that you get an area map of the kingdom with all kinds of quests or challenges that you must complete -- from wiping out the monsters, to reclaiming your crown, seeking the holy chalice, to rescuing your son who's been kidnapped by evil elves. The beginner levels will get you into the game and understand how it works; it's fairly intuitive and a fast learn. The advanced levels offer some challenge; some more difficult than others, and will test your ability to logically figure out solutions. I've yet to get to the expert levels.While there is fighting in this game, once you build your "army" (consisting of necromancers, wizards, warriors, rogues and explorers), they automatically fight any enemy that enters your domain. They will also go off and fight enemies at greater distances. You can set reward flags up to have your army target and destroy one enemy camp over another.Another great aspect of this game is that you get to build up your little kingdom. You place your wizards' guild, your rogues' guild, your warriors' guild and then magically houses begin to sprout up and pad out your town. You also upgrade your levels with gold, research new attack methods with a library or through the guilds, and create marketplaces and blacksmith's shops. Upgrading will get you new types of buildings (like temples) and you can watch your castle grow along with your kingdom.You get, in this package, not only the original game, but the second release add on of the game for further adventures and quests.It's a fun, addictive game. The quests can be short or long, not requiring a high demand on time that some games do, and is fairly straight-forward to play. I could see both children and adults enjoying this game (there's no vulgarity, but there are some jokes and humor with dialogue).Enjoy the game. I have.
3	B00005QIQR	First off, this game ran just fine on Windows 7 64bit without having to mess around with compatibility mode or anything like that. I just installed, clicked the exe, and had some fun.The funny thing about this game is the fact that even after 10 or so years, there has yet to be an RTS that is so refreshing in gameplay. I'm not saying this is the best RTS, I'm just saying it is a refreshing change from what we gamers have gotten use to. Just in case you didn't know, in Majesty you have no direct control over your units. You can build buildings, do research to upgrade items or abilities, and even cast mighty spells throughout the map, but the one thing you can't do is control those who follow you. You can entice your units with gold, but in the end they do what they want to do.This type of gameplay gives the game a special charm. Each hero, or heroine, is born into the world with their own randomly generated name, which allows you to distinguish the brave ones from the cowards, and the foolish ones from the wise. They also seem to have a personality of there own (I could just be imagining it though). For example, I'll have a level 9 knight who always goes head on into danger, while I'll have a level 12 knight who always plays it smart, and flees if he thinks he is in over his head. This type of gameplay allows you to get attached to certain heroes. You'll get so attached that you'll find yourself spending money to cast your healing spell on that level 21 paladin who you've watched get out of tougher scrapes (than going toe toe with two vampires and werewolf), but who just ran out of healing potions and is about to bite the dust.Yes the game shows it age (especially on my 23in monitor), but it is still a very special RTS with its own charm. I would caution gamers to not buy this oldie if your expecting a traditional StarCraft or Red Alert gameplay, but if you want something new to the old hashed out RTS theme then this game is well worth your while.On a personal note, the charm of this gameplay makes me wonder if Majesty is wrongly labeled a RTS. Actually its more like a Dungeon and Dragons meets SimCity with RTS throw in there. I don't really know what to label Majesty, but I know it'll be on my hard drive for years to come.My Rig:AMD Phenom II X4 9554GB of DDR3 ramGeforce GTS250UPDATE 01/10/11I downloaded this game and played it on my wife's laptop. She has a Toshiba Satellite running Vista with a 1.8 Ghz Intel core duo, 2Gb of ram, and a integrated GMA 950 video card. The game installed and ran fine, but it would only play in a 800 x 600 resolution box (with a black frame around the box). On my bigger computer, the game played at the same resolution, but stretched to fit my 23 in monitor.Also, I don't know why others are having so much trouble. In my experience this game has worked on both a Vista and Windows 7 machine.
3	B00005QIQR	My husband got addicted to Majesty on Android after Amazon had it as a app of the day download. He didn't realize that there was an entire PC game! We bought this right away. It downloaded quickly, and installed perfectly on our Windows 7 Machine.
3	B00005QIQY	I spent waayyyyy too much time playing this game, but I just couldn't stop - the variety of quests, the choices one must make, the combination of fighting and magic...it's just a great game overall. I'm a fan of the RPG genre in general, but there are a few really awful games out there. This one truly doesn't disappoint.The beginning is a bit slow, because there are only a very few creatures you can kill to gain experience. But, once you get a few levels under your belt, and obtain a decent weapon, all is well. There are an unbelievable number of weapons available, and a nearly equal number of magical items and spells. The storyline is complex and very interesting, and is neither too short nor too long, though I was sorry to see it end. I'll assuredly run through it again sometime soon.The true charm of this game lies in being able to shape-shift, though. Through scrolls and other magical means, you're able to take on the forms of many different animals, and you gain their abilities; you can fly, run faster, slash with teeth and claws, and jump higher. The number of different creatures in the game is really nice, too; it's definitely not boring.One downside is having to run back and forth long distances between camps, until you're given teleportation runes. Apart from that, though, it's nearly flawless. It didn't crash often, the music was very nice, and the graphics excellent. I recommend it without hesitations!
3	B00005QIQY	_____By far this is the Best RPG ever.  Never before have I played a game with such depth and variability.  I am a big fan of first person shooters and adventure games like Diablo.  And this game does an awesome job combining the first person interface and the adventure that I'm looking for, but this game take the art of creating a story line to a whole new level.  There are multiple endings depending on whom you decide to ally with._____To give you an example of the variability, your character can find spells to do multiple things.  One such spell allows you to turn into one of the monsters that you fight.  In that form you may roam around their lair without any opposition, find the objective of you mission, turn back into yourself (completing the mission), and turn back into a monster and leave without a problem._____Also, this detail of this game with almost life like.  Almost every character you meet in the game (and there are many) look unique with individual traits.  The characters eat sleep and do daily activities as the hours of the day pass.  In fact if you get close enough you can even watch them chew their food._____For those of you who complain about the controls not being the way you want them, it is not really that hard to change them. And if you can not get over it, them you may want to stick to games to can handle like "pong."_____For those of you who complain about the manual being short and not descriptive enough.  Give me a break.  The story and details unfold as you progress through the game; besides with out there being any one ending what else could the creator's do other than lay out the very basics.  Also I like the fact that the manual does not give the stats of monsters, or tell you how to do this and that for everything.  After all that is what makes this game an adventure._____If you like you games as much as I do then you will LOVE this one!!!_____I do have one more thing to add.  The recommended system requirements are not high enough.  You will need a 32MB video card to run the game well and a 64MB to really enjoy the wonderful detail and work put into this masterpiece.
3	B00005QIQY	I picked this game up on a whim.  I had no idea what it was about or even what genre it fit into.  All I knew is that it was old.  After spending an hour or so getting over the counter-intuitive interface, I was gripped.  This game beckons back to the days of open-ended consequence RPGs like the early Ultima's and the Krondor series. You are a nameless hero and have been thrown into this prison camp with only a message and a prayer.  It is up to you to try to find a way out.  Choose your allies, choose your martial path.  Your are your own creator.Gameplay:As stated, getting used to the controls is tricky.  The game was primarily designed as keyboard only.  The mouse was only added in on the recommendation of a magazine, and it shows.  This, however, is only a minor fault as a little gameplay will easily get past this design decision.  The game is fairly open-ended, especially towards the beginning, when you spend your time learning who is who.  It's also fairly challenging, in the beginning you can go anywhere, your only limitations being the strength of the wildlife around you.  As you get stronger, your world thusly enlarges until you have free reign of the prison camp.  This allows for hours of fun for those who like to wander and explore.  The game also has little niceties that add to the worldly flavor like being able to cook your meat, mine ore, make stew, blacksmith some swords, etc.  Days cycle, and they take their time doing it.  The day-night cycle takes around 72 minutes, which is long enough to 'feel' right.  The NPCs have daily routines, so at midnight, they'll be in their homes, while daytime will find them hard at work.  This level of detail is hard to find nowadays.  The only gameplay problems that occur have to do with the complexity of running a storied game in a freeform world.  Since you can kill anyone you want, you might find yourself killing someone that advances the story.  This problem is easily solved by the old RPG mantra: save now, save often.Graphics:This game is starting to show its age.  Sure there are low polygon counts, and sure the textures look bland, but hey - that's what 8x AA is for.  This game is one that ignores the prevalent trend of graphics first, content second.  The game's engine is still complex enough to allow for amazing vistas with its far horizon and sundry landscape.  The 4 year-old graphics will be the last thing on your mind once you get into this puppy.Sound:The sound is nice; it's your standard pre-EAX ditty.  No noticeable environments, but again, no one is complaining.  The ambiance is well thought out and I can swear more modern games have stolen Gothic's soundtracks as the music seems very familiar.  Everything is voice-acted and done quite well.  The weapon, magic and enemy sounds are varied enough to keep you interested and there was never a time when I ever wanted to play on mute.Overall:I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone who enjoys a good, well-thought, RPG.  The decisions you make in the beginning and the sheer pleasure of the game will even allow for substantial replays as you go after the stories threads you had to pass on your first time through.The only thing keeping this thing from 5 stars is the glitchy-ness caused by an engine at the engineering maxes of its time.  But keep in mind, all other things considered, this game is perfect.
3	B00005QIQY	I won't rehash what all the others mentioned. I agree with their assessment on this games ability to "draw you in". I'd also look into Gothic 2. IMO, it's even better. I just wanted to inform those who might like to purchase this game, that you can buy it at Ebay for thirty-fifty% cheaper than what's being offered here(..I paid sixteen bucks). If you can't find a manual, look for a good walkthrough to explain the controls etc.Don't pass on this game. Do due dilligence and you can find a reasonably priced copy and free walkthrough.
3	B00005QIQY	Gothic: easy to learn, hard to master. This game took me WAY of guard when I first played the demo back in 2000.The gritty ambiance, the feeling that everyone has their eyes on you, the ability to do damn near anything you want to do.So many things about this game will draw you off the main story its crazy.You can cook, smoke weed, murder people, rob, steal, pickpocket, doublecross people. Then the night falls and you see everyone gathering around fireplaces, talking about political issues, faction issues.Super immersive, complelling, lots of small touches that makes this game(and series) feel like no other rpg you've ever played.Many compare it to Oblivion but the differences outweigh the similarities. Gothic is the real deal, Oblivion is hand-holding corporate trash.If you liked Ultima IX you will love Gothic series - real, old school rpging
3	B00005QIQY	Gothic is basically a playable version of Morrowind.  You're thrown into an immense island prison fill with warring factions, orcs, mages, skeletons, and any number of other deadly monsters.  Beautiful graphics and a multithreaded smooth storyline mean you can easily stay up until 4 am with this game without ever realizing it.  Gothic gets just about everything right, from the storyline itself, which is interesting but never onerous, to the vast array of goodies you can loot.  Everything from blueberries to a hundred different types of swords can be purchased or tracked down in the wild, and the island is filled with hidden caves, high mountain trails, and other mysterious areas that draw you in and then, well, tend to get you killed.  One of the great things is that fights between humans don't end in fatalities unless you activate a special kill command once your opponent is on the ground; so you can mug or be mugged without permanent harm aside from the occasional glare.  The 3D engine runs very smoothly, and there are very few bugs or glitches.  Voice quality is very high; long discussions often occur but don't grate on one's nerves because they're interesting to listen to, and a robust journal keeps track of and _organizes_ the tidbits along the way so you can find what you're looking for at a glance.  Replay value is extremely high given the half dozen exclusive alliances you can pick from, as well as the very customizable nature of your character.  Gothic has pretty much everything; if you don't want to be some super mage or killer barbarian, you can be a thief, or a merchant, or some combination of all four.  Check it out.
3	B00005QIR3	Paradox is now up to Patch 1.07 on Europa Universalis II, which can be interpreted two ways --- it means that Paradox is quite attentive to the needs of its customers, and responds to them.  However, it also means that there are so many bugs in the game (and Paradox is justly infamous for extremely buggy games) that it has thus far required 7 patches.Trying to play the game without any patches?  I wish you the best of luck.  Save early &amp; save often, and be prepared for frequent crashes.  There was a  point, after one crash too many, where I simply put the game away and refused to play it for many months.  Also, without the patches, you will find that you cannot use your diplomatic strategies to their full extent.Assuming that you have updated the game with the 1.05, 1.06 or 1.07 patch, you will find an extremely fun and addictive strategy game.  At first glance, one may be tempted to take a purely military approach and carve out a massive empire for yourself.  However, you may then find yourself teetering on bankruptcy and facing continual revolts throughout your domain.  You may also find the rest of the world suddenly ganging up on you.  The option of hacking your way across the world generally will not bring success.Of course, this means that the game forces you to look at the picture --- managing a budget, allocating your resources, managing your domestic &amp; religious policies, and wielding diplomacy as a weapon just as effective as your armies --- and that all adds up to a pretty steep learning curve.  It will take more than a few tries before your national engine is firing on all cylinders.  Paradox has a great forum, with a very active posting community.  Just about any question you may have has been addressed on one forum or another.In theory, you can play a couple of hundred nations --- ranging from the major powers of Europe, the pipsqueak principalities of Europe (sometimes simply surviving is a victory in and of itself), or a 3rd world nation such as Mali, Dai Viet or Chimu.  The reality is that this game is heavily Eurocentric.  You can play a New World nation such as Cherokee &amp; Creek, but you will lack the resources and wherewithal to make any significant improvements in technology.  Centuries will whiz by as you stare at the same dozen provinces, with barely any improvements in technology.  Then you will get the pleasure of watching the English, Spanish or French swoop in and gut you like a fish.If you aren't going to play Europe, stronger non-European nations such as Delhi and China will give you a fighting chance.  Playing Persia, the Mameluks or the Ottomans will also give you the chance (possibly) of sweeping across Europe, leaving havoc in your wake.  Few things provide more pleasure.The game is extremely open-ended.  You can play the exact same nation a dozen different times.  Random events and the sometimes unpredictable nature of the AI opponents guarantee that your game will unfold a dozen different ways.Obviously, this is not a game for the shoot-em-up crowd.  The graphics are a minor part of the games (although the music is quite delightful --- the patches will add some new music), and the game's pace will prove frustrating to those yearning for a lot of action.  However, as a strategy game, this has to be up towards the top.  Just make sure the game is fairly up to do date, so that you can maximize the strategic possibilities.
3	B00005QIR3	Do you enjoy strategy games that aren't a real-time strategy click fest?  Did you major in history?  Then Europa Universalis is the game for you but be careful because you may never set it down.  Being a history buff, any game which allows me to conquer the world in the Age of Mercantilism is a dream come true so you can imagine how quickly I picked this one up.  Actually, I started playing the series with the first game and if you're new to the entire Europa Universalis line, I recommend you begin with the sequel which doesn't add an incredible amount of new content but is a better play than the first game.  Historically accurate rules and the ability to play any country from Spain to the Aztec Empire is what makes this game a classic.  War isn't as simple and one-dimensional as a classic turn-based strategy game such as Civilization or popular real-time strategy game such as Age of Empires.  While technically the game is real-time strategy (RTS), it really doesn't feel like it as it's a different approach from your typical RTS title. You can easily change the speed of the game by slowing down the progression of months and essentially turning the game into a turn-based strategy game which is the best and necessary way to play in most areas of the game. The game allows multiplayer and speaking of online communities, Europa Universalis may have one of the smartest PC gaming communities in existence. Check out the company's message boards for plenty of custom mods and in-depth history discussions.  While you're at it, make sure to download any patches as well because the entire Europa Universalis line has a notorious reputation for buggy releases.  This game takes plenty of time to master so don't expect to learn it in one day.  To enjoy this game, you really need to know what type of gamer you are.  While not as sophisticated as some of the lesser known harcore military strategy games, Europa Universalis does require plenty of patience and a passion for history and strategy.
3	B00005QIR3	Play one of well over one hundred countries.  Give orders any day, day to day, for four-hundred years, or rip through a year in under a minute.  Worry about how many religions your Empire has, how many different cultures.  Decide whether to go strait at the Inca and Aztecs, or try for the far east and build a trade empire.The variety in Europa Universalis, once you've gotten used to the game (try Russia, France or the Ottoman Empire to get used to things, lots of fighting)(best to start in 1492 not 1419), then things get really interesting.  I've played global conquest as Austria, pushed into historical territory as Russia, and built a trade Empire as Portugal.  I still haven't exhausted more than a small fraction of the possibilities of this game.  Why not play the Iroquois and unite the American tribes before the Europeans arrive?  Why not defend the Aztecs (they certainly had the money)?  Start in India and conquer Europe, that will show them.The game is deeply historical.  When Marlborough arises you simply cannot stay at peace.  If the Treaty of Tordisalis is trouble, maybe you shouldn't be Catholic anymore.  Religion is central to the game: become the defender of the faith, but which faith?  Catholic, Protestant or Reformed?  Muslim, sure, but Shia or Sunni?  EU2 forces you to think and plan ahead as well.  Take on too many enemies and war exhaustion will wreak havoc with your empire.  Conquer too quickly and you will be hated throughout the entire world, which is fine, if you have the army to match your ambition, and the income to support it.Most games start off interesting the player a great deal, but  one's interest gradually wanes.  EU2 is the opposite.  It can be difficult to grasp at first (the tutorials help a good deal), and I still learn new tricks after all this time.  However, once you get accustomed to the game, which takes some time, but is not that difficult, your interest will grow.  This is especially true if you love History.  Can you save Byzantium?  What if Venice grew powerful rather than declined?  Wouldn't Henry V have made a fine King of France?Now, you'll have to excuse me, Savoy, Munster and the Palatinate are challenging England's position on the continent, my American colonies grow restless, and India awaits...WARNING - In my opinion the 1.07 patch sacrifices fun at the altar of historical reality.  The developers greatly increased troop support costs (playing as Poland I could not support the troops I started with!), and made other changes to prevent player conquests.  Find and download version 1.05 (it's available but not from the developers).  Try 1.07 if you like, but if you want a fun game, go back to 1.05.  Oh, and try playing as Poland, it's lots of fun.
3	B00005QIR3	If you like history and computer strategy games then EU2 is for you.  In this game you take control of ANY nation that existed between 1420 and 1820 (that means the big ones, like England, France, Spain, etc. - and also strange ones like the Manchus, Cherokee, and the Byzantine Empire) and guide it to great power status through war, diplomacy, politics, economics, religion, and culture.Now, the graphics aren't the flashiest, and the controls and menus might take a little while to figure out, but once you master the controls this game becomes very addictive.  Easily one of the best historical strategy games I've ever played, and quite replayable, too.Just make sure you get the latest patch, to fix any bugs that might be lurking in the game.
3	B00005QIR3	EU2 is one of those games where you have to think long and hardbefore you make your move.You cant just take over a country.Youhave to think how big the army is how big is yours and so forth?Useing diplomecy instead of force is also a good idea.The choice:over 200 nations means that the replay value is quite high.Graphics:so-so Music:A+ Difficulty:you bet Overall:A EU forum:A+So if you a like history-based game that might make you thinkthen get EU2.
3	B00005QIR3	This is a good game, but be prepared to put a lot of time and effort into it. Some of my fellow reviewers seem to think that this game is too easy. This may be the case if you play it for months or longer. But it certainly is not a game you can pick up and play over the weekend. There simply is too much going on and too much to handle. And the casual gamer will soon wish for more obvious feedback.This doesn't mean the game is bad though. Quite the contrary. Just be aware of the commitment you will have to make.
3	B00005QIR3	This is the most fun I have ever had with a PC game!  The control is outstanding, the options endless, and the attention to historical detail is remarkable.  Forget CivIII and the rest, the is THE strategy game to have.
3	B00005QIR3	I've been playing strategy games for more than 8 years and this is one of the very best I've played so far.I'm a huge fan of Civilization style games, and I do like Age of Kings style too, but let me tell you that EU2 is unique in its way of dealing it.It's not a &quot;turn based&quot; game like Civil, nor it's a real time one like AOK. It's a turn based game in real time.what do I mean? You can plan your actions carefully and then feel the action of &quot;live&quot; answers to your decisions. Another peculiarity is the possibility of winning the game without being ever in war! You can win a full 100% diplomatic way (via trade &amp; careful alliances). It's like being and acting like a Switzerland.It takes more than usual to understand it completely but it's the most similar to managing a country I'd ever played so far!If you're interested in these games, this is an option you ought to consider seriously!
3	B00005QIR9	This is a great system, correcting the major error of the N64 system (Nintendo has eliminated the cartridge format for an optical disk).  This pack comes with Madden 2002, a great football game; Luigi's Mansion, the first to star the lesser-known plumber Luigi in his quest to rescue his more famous brother Mario; and Rogue Leader, a new Star Wars game from Lucas Arts that, by all current reviews, is nothing less than astounding and a huge improvement on previous Star Wars games.  And for [price] with the system 3 games, memory card, and extra controller, this is a great deal.  I'm eagerly waiting for November 18, 2001...and you should be, too.
3	B00005QIR9	First of all, let's get something straight.  Nintendo intended their console to be a GAMING machine while microsoft intended X-box to be a multimedia center.  Judging by the fact that gamecube doesn't have DVD or CD capability isn't fair in this respect.Nintendo designed many systems over the years that have &quot;kiddie&quot; games.  I can name many on the gamecube that are not. For example, Rogue Squadron II, Resident Evil, Smash Bros Melee, etc.  The rumor that nintendo makes kiddie systems is false.Now, on with the review......I'm not gonna bore you with technical terms. The gamecube supports great graphics and Surround Sound.  The controllers are comfortable (the only problems I found with them is they are fairly small and the Z button can be hard to use with the same finger that you use for the R button).  The memory card now uses an enhanced block system (remember the N64 Memory cards).  Like the PS2, it has a menu screen that will come up if you have no disc inserted or have the tray open.  It keeps track of time, sound options, and allows you to edit memory card files.Rogue Squadron looked simply astounding and never experienced slowdown at all, even during heated battles with tons of laser blasts and explosions.  Rouge Squadron also interfaces with the gamecube's calander to change minor elements in the game (Day and night in some levels for example).Luigi's Mansion had great graphics and sound as well.  Although the premise of the game sounds childish, it's actually quite an addictive game.Madden 2K2  sports some great graphics as well as ease of gameplay.  BE WARNED THOUGH. Saving a season of Madden will require almost an entire memory card. buy an extra if you want to save on this game.Overall, this is a great system and I reccommend it to gamers of all ages.
3	B00005QIR9	The Gamecube is a nice gaming system, an ample sequel to N64.  The system is small, and easy to hook-up.  Game discs are also very small, about the size of a mini-disc.  The biggest drawback is the small number of games available at launch, but this will definitely change quickly as Nintendo will be releasing it's own titles for the GC, plus other companies will release cross-platform games (Crazy Taxi, Batman: Vengeance &amp; All-Star Baseball 2002 are already out for PS2 &amp; GC) and GC exclusives (the Resident Evil line).  The controller takes a little getting used to, but feels very comfortable and natural, even less complicated than the PS2 controller after awhile.  Graphics have been fantastic in the games thus far, and will only improve.For those who wonder if this bundle is a good deal, I have done the math for you, based on what the items in the bundle sell for in most stores, and on the net: Gamecube system = $200, Controller = $35, Memory card = $15, 3 games = $150, Total = $400; plus a few bucks for the magazine subscription.  So this is about what you would pay in stores...if you think you will like all three games included with this bundle: Rogue Leader is a MUST-have, and the reason I bought a Gamecube.  The graphics are spectacular, and they gameplay in general is smooth and enthralling;  Luigi's Mansion is a nice Super Mario-type game, where you catch ghosts in an attempt to find Mario...this game is fun, but perhaps not for the hard-core gamer; Madden is the standard for football games, if you like the NFL, then Madden is always the one to get.  The memory card is necessary to save games, and you will likely want to get at least one extra controller for multiplayer games, so it just comes down to whether or not you think you will like the 3 games it comes with.Overall, this Gamecube bundle is a solid, though not overwhelming, value.  The System itself is a great value, and I recommend picking one up!
3	B00005QIR9	If yu guys don't bring this back in stock ya'll really miss up fun from a childhood memory!I remember my GameCube and I loved it, I loved playing Super Smash Brothers Brawl, I loved Mario party games and many others!So many good games I played on the Cube just wish I could relive it now I can!So please guys bring this back in stock and bring awesome entertainment!WOOOOOOOOOO PIG SOOOOIE
3	B00005QIR9	In the review entitled "So you'd like to ... Buy a GameCube, XBox, or Playstation 2"  it states thatthe XBOX has an "Athalon" processor.  I think that is how the reviwer spelled it.  Anyway the "Athalon" is spelled ATHLON and the XBOX has a Pentium 3 Processor.As for the Gamecube itself, here is my advice:  Don't take the fun out of gaming by comparing specs.  It ruins it.  Buy the system that has the games you want.  Leave the specs to the engineers.
3	B00005QIR9	If it has to do with gamecube, I'll give it 5 stars.  I got the same pack, don't ask me how, my grandpa got it.  But there's only one problem: You won't get a chance to play the other games cuz your hooked on Luigi's Mansion!
3	B00005QIR9	Well i think Gamecube is gonna knock Xbox right off the block .Everybody that likes Xbox just wont admit it ! I mean we areTalking classic game Sequals like Mario Sunshine and a NEWResident Evil series. We may even see stuff like conkers bad fur day , banjo-kazooie , donkey kong and maybe even kirby ! I know the graphics arent as good as xbox but the games are better. For 2002 gamecube has a awsome line-up . Star Fox , Resident Evil , Mario Sunshine , Wrestlemania 2002 ,Sonic Adventure 2 and even Zelda. Move over Xbox Nintendo's back !
3	B00005QIR9	For anyone that says Gamecube is a "kiddie" system you must be on some kind of medical pills or something. You have to admit, most of the games are rated "E" but they are not only for kids. There are sp,e select "T" games and a "M" here and there. At first I thought Luigi's Mansion will be a cheesy game, but I played it, and the originality and the fun-ness really sucks you into the game. Another "E" rated game that looks kind of cheesy but will really suck you in is Super Monkey Ball. You will think monkey's rolling around in plastic balls is really stupid, but the game is totally addictive and fun. Who would have ever thought of a game like that? Another big difference:The processor-As you may have seen in time, the Gamecube has a 485MHz Gekko processor and the Xbox has a 733MHz Intel Pentium 3 processor. Right there, everyone thinks the Xbox is a lot more powerful. That's where you're wrong. The Gamecube uses a RISC (Reduced Instruction Set Computer) which allows the processor to work faster (thats why Gamecube loads so quickly). The Xbox uses CISC (Complex Instruction Set Computer) which is a lot older which was used in the mid 90's on the older computers. The 485mhz Gekko works like a 800mhz processor, which is faster than Microsoft's 733mhz processor. The only thing that is better on Xbox is the sound chip, but not by much.Software (The biggie!)Face the facts, Microsoft is a US company, and US consoles have never done as well as Japanese consoles (EX: 3DO's console, Atari Jaguar, etc.) And admit this: Nintendo is a Japanese company with a lot of Japanese devolopers. About 90% of the games you play everyday are by Japanese devolopers (Mario, Zelda, Gran Turismo, Sonic the Hedgehog, Shenmue, etc.) Microsoft has only US support, and there isn't that many games that we play that aren't Japanese (Tony Hawk, Matt Hoffman) and which games do you like more? The Japanese games, or the US games? Chances are you picked the Japanese games.So would you rather have a console that is $100 less that has cutting edge games rather than a console that costs (more money) that has mediocre games and plays DVD's (with the help of a (expensive) remote control)? A game console is meant to play games, not be the multimedia machine. If you want a thing with a hard drive and a Intel Pentium 3, you are better off buying a computer. If you want a system that plays the latest and greatest games, you are better of going with the Gamecube. If you want something to play DVD's, you should buy a DVD player or a DVD-ROM for your computer. Don't waste (more money) on Bill Gates so he can live an extra week. (...) he's already loaded with hundreds of billions, but Nintendo deserves something like that which was worked on for years, instead of Microsoft who probably threw that together in a month. Trust me, you will not regret your desicion with Nintendo. Have you ever gone wrong with a Nintendo console? NES was great, SNES was one of my personal favorites, Nintendo 64 had excellent games (Super Smash Bros, the best fighter ever), Gameboy, Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance, the latest and greatest handheld console ever.
3	B00005QIR9	Right now the Gamecube has better Graphics then both those expensive consoles. Nintendo is making it to play GAMES!!!! If you want a DVD player go buy one. If you want a CD player go buy one. Plus this is the only system that Capcom is making Resident Evil exclusive to. So if you want to play the future Resident Evil games you gonna have to give up the Duckets for a Gamecube. Give it a year and Gamecube will be the console to own...Peace
3	B00005QJ01	NHL Hitz is a great game that is just like Blitz for hockey. I think all hockey, blitz and sports lovers will love this game and I think everyone should get this wonderful game.
3	B00005QJ01	This is a game that is like N.F.L. Blitz, just hockey. Because of how it is very unrealistic. There are 3 players on the ice. Codes for using a hockey ball, or tennis ball. Goalies get checked, and can check. Players become on fire. You can be aliens, soldiers, poneys, totempoles, and about 20 others. There also are no penalties. This, though, is a fun game.
3	B00005QJ01	If I told you about a game where you hit people with sticks, throw your full body force into players, and be able to punch, grab, and headbutt opponents, you'd think I was talking about Ready to Rumble, or something! I'm NOT! It's NHL Hitz 20-02. The best Hockey game I have ever played since Sega... well... maybe not, but still. NHL 20-02 is probably the best Sports game for G-Cube, even better than Madden 2002! (Which I gave a 93.67/100)When you think about Hockey, you know violence is involved. Players don't where layers of padding for nothing! But NHL does more than that. Not many Hockey games are this aggressive. Players literacy trip others with their sticks when attempting to steal the puck. When you check, you check hard. You will sometimes push, shove with your shoulder, or hold your stick horizontally and smash your opponent. OUCH! There are a bunch of teams. When selecting a team, it will show their stats for Defense, Offense, and Speed, which can be 1-20, the higher the better. On the ice is great. You select a center, a winger, and a man on defense. The Goalie is a selected player. The Goalie can be the CPU or the User, you select. Not to mention after each game, you get awarded a certain # of credits. You receive 100/150/200 for playing in Rookie/Pro/All-star mode and get 30/60/90 points for answering an easy/medium/hard question after the game is done. You can then go to the sports shop and purchase New jerseys, (100c) New teams, (500-1000c) New Arenas, (500c) or New heads for create-a-player. (300-700c) With your choice on Franchise/Exhibition/Championship/Create-a-player (or team)/Skills, NHL 20-02 gets a 10/10 for gameplay.It finally happened! I have waited so long for someone to say "Hey, here's an Idea, lets have the audience in 3D!" In every sports game I've seen, the Audience are cardboard figures, with choppy movement of them throwing a hand in the air and then to their side. Thank you Blackbox! The Audience reacts with great effects. The on-ice is also great. Each team player has amazing details. When getting different levels, the puck is different! On a moon rink, the puck is a moon-rock. On the Disco rink, the puck is mirror-ball. It's hilarious! When you look at the Goalie, is padding is spectacular. With Phenomenal 3D enriched environment, NHL Hitz gets a 10/10 for graphics. And don't forget the jerseys, all of them have the logo on them.There's not much to say about the sound. You just hear the clashing of sticks, the stick breaking the sound barrier, and the crowd cheering (or booing!) at players.  The announcers aren't that spectacular. Unlike Madden, where the commentators explain about what's going on, what's happened last season, what they should do, and reaction to plays, NHL Hitz has people who say "[Insert name of player here] just took a shot!" "Blocked by [Insert name of player here]" "Puck stolen from [Insert name of player here] by [Insert name of player here]." It's rather boring, so I think I can safely sleep at night without felling too bad by giving the sound an 8.5/10Now, when I say speed, I don't mean how fast Wayne Gretzky and glide down the rink, I mean loading time. Again, contrary to madden, the loading time is exceptionally fast. The only tiny problem is it takes about a quarter of a second for the players faces to load when selecting your team. What's even better, is you can set the speed of the game! If things are too fast for you on the ice, just crank down the speed a notch. Call me crazy, but Speed gets an 11/10.Controlling the players is no fun. It's watching the expression on your friends face and you juke his opponent, fake shot and pass it, move the puck to the side of you as he attempts to stick slap you, watch your CPU character bash him out of the rink, breaking the glass, and doing a slap-shot right into the net as you win the game. Now, do you know how hard that scenario would be? You don't, BECAUSE IT'S NOT! Look, to do this, I would press Y, X, Hold B and press A, the CPU would "press" y, and then I would Hold B to my liking to choose how hard I should hit it. The longer you hold, the harder you hit. With simple controls like A to pass, B to shoot, X to guard puck, and Y to spin, and on defense, a to switch players, B to stick-slap and attempt to steal, Y to do a check, and X to do... well I don't think it does anything. Then by pressing R or L to go into the Patented "Turbo" mode, the controlling makes the grade with a 10/10.Replay ... well DUH! I'm not going to buy a Hockey game and play it once. All sport games have to get a 10/10 for replay or they just aren't worth buying. So, obviously, NHL Hitz 20-02 gets a 10/10 for Replay.Without a doubt, if you ever feel like a Hockey game, just pick up NHL Hitz.Let's review:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 8.5/10Speed: 11/10Controls: 10/10Replay value: 10/10Total: 59.5/60 giving NHL Hitz 20-02 a 99.16.CHEATSWell, like most Midway Sports games, there's that thing where you select a variety of 3 pictures, then press up/down/left/right. NHL has that, and the codes are great. There's Snow mode, Big head mode, and first person to 7 wins mode. With no generosity, I'll give it a +2 for codes, because it's hard to enter more than one code at once, and sometimes you can't even enter one.NHL Hitz 20-02's new score is  an 101.16. MY FIRST GRADE OVER 100! Now even I know it's good!
3	B00005QJ01	I was going to the video store one weekend (actually, my dad went for me), and I wanted to rent a game. Our video store has a large selection of GCN games. I couldn't seem to make up my mind (but I'm sure that you have probably already igured out what game I rented). So I picked NHL Hitz 20-02.I was a bit skeptical about the game at first. I mean, I've got the 'awsome, eyecandy' of a hockey game called NHL 2002 by EA Sports for my computer, so I didn't really know if I was gonna like this. I tried it out a little...and...GUESS WHAT!?!?!? I fell in love with this game. It's NHL hockey as it was MEAN'T to be; Big Hits (and I mean BIG HITS!!!), dramatic goals, HUGE FIGHTS, and CHEAT CODES! ;)This game is the NHL version of the Midway classic known as NFL Blitz (which also had sequels each year for roster updates, graphics improvment, and more features). You start the game off with 3 gameplay modes: Exhibition, Season, and Franchise. And there is also some extras like: the Hockey Store, and Create-a-Team feature.Exhibition is the basic mode of the game if you want some classic fun (and you can also play this mode multiplayer with up to 3 other people). You pick your team from a colection of ALL the NHL teams in the league (but I am sorry to say: NO international teams). You can also buy more teams at the hockey shop. Once your done picking your teams, you pick three players (from a list of six) for your team to have as your line for the first period. After that you will procede to the section where you have 5 seconds to type in cheat codes (like bigger hits, huge heads, tennis ball puck, ect.) Once your done picking your hockey dudes and doing cheats, you will go to a cool, and somethimes comical, Pre-game show.There are NO penalties in this game; the only way for your player to be kicked out of a game is...LOSE a FIGHT!!! If you lose a fight, the player that lost the fight is out of the game. The fights are awsome: VERY DRAMATIC.In season mode, it is basically that same as most hockey games: you go through the season and try to win the STANLEY CUP.In franchise mode, you try to make your created team better (as you get more points to improve created players with each franchise win). You try to win the MIDWAY CUP.At the Hockey Shop, you can buy various nostalgic jerseys, new arenas, new teams, and special heads for created players. You earn points for playing exhibition games and season games, and you use these points for the hockey shop.It create-a-team mode, you can create a team by customizing your jersey logo, jersey color scheme, and team name. You can create six players and one goalie for your team. You start out with a limited amount of points to make your player attributes. BUT that is what franchise mode is for: yo earn points to make your players better. You can chose different faces for your player. You also custumize your player's body size and stuff: the players can look any way you want.There are also alot of options to customize like game speed and music style. The Graphics are a bit on the weak side (as they could have been better). The sound is awesome. The commentator is pretty funny. Also, the controls are pretty easy to learn.If you are looking for adrenaline pumping hockey action, NHL Hitz is for you. It's no were near a hockey sim, but that's WHY it's fun. If you want a hockey sim, I suggest buying NHL 2002 by EA Sports for PS2, X-Box, or computer...or you can wait till fall of 2002 till the SEGA NHL 2K3 comes out for the GCN. But if you want a FUN, arcade style hockey game, this game is for you.I also have one more thing to say: GO WINGS!!!!!!! ;)
3	B00005QJ01	NHL HITZ is by far the most addicting game I have ever played. I am a huge hockey fan and love the rougher side of the game (ie fighting, checking). This game does not disappoint. It is basically NFL BLITZ for hockey. You play 3 on 3 with a goalie and a couple of players on the bench. Some of the cooler parts game are: 1. the SPEED - speed is amazing, your fingers never stop moving, you are always trying to catch up with the action 2. the CHECKING - some of the best checks EVER, you can send guys through the glass and into the crowd! 3. the FIGHTING - there's plenty fighting and it's easy to win 4. PLAYER SELECTION - you can change your 3 man lineup between each period. This is the best hockey game since NHL Hockey for Sega Genesis, do not hesitate for one second......BUY IT NOW!
3	B00005QJ01	I do not yet own this game but i have rented it.  If you guys like NFL Blitz, this is the hockey version of it.  The game is totally addictive so be prepared for late night playing hours.  I was surprised at how fun this game was and how cool it was.  The stadiums that you can buy are awsome.  The pucks for the stadium are somewhat related to the environment that you are playing in.  The teams that you can make or buy are awsome.  But someone should really buy this game.  You will be impressed.
3	B00005QJ01	Quite simply, this is one of the best games I've ever encountered in my twenty-plus years of gaming. I've never liked sports games before, but from the moment I started this game I was hooked. I've always loved hocky, but found that most games were either too dull, too complicated or just didn't have the graphics that make this game light up the way it does on the Game Cube. If you don't own this game, buy it!
3	B00005QJ01	You've gotta love watching a little sorty fatass beat the hell out of some huge buff 7'0&quot; guy...especially when shorty has a donkey head.  HA!A good hockey game, but gets it's stars from it's comedy.
3	B00005QJ01	Ever since I got this game I could not put it down. My favorite part of the game is the records page in which me and my brother continually compete for the top spot. The fast pace makes this game incredible with never a dull moment. Another amazing component of this game is the interactive crowd. Instead of the dull blur of the crowd in other games, this game features an interactive crowd that has seperate animations for each situation in the game. (such as a big hit a a goal score) This is the 1st game ever for this feature. The fast pace and exciting games make this game a winner. Being a hockey fan myself helped me love this game. GO STARS!!Pros:* Awesome Graphics* Fast Pace* Game you'll play over and over again* Well worth your moneyCons:* Extremely Addictive* You Will Find Better Games on the Gamecube
3	B00005QJ01	As a die hard hockey fan, I eagerly awaited this game. I was not disappointed. Midway has kept true to its style of pro sports games. Having the GameCube as a system to work with, Midway excelled in all areas! The graphics are excellent for a hockey game(only NHL2K for Dreamcast is better). Game play is intense! Fast, furious and nonstop! Although you can control the speed of the game in the options screen and slow things down, but why would you? Control of the skaters is a bit awkward and difficult at first, but is easily overcome with practice. Smooth player movements and precise commentary add to the game. Options, and many of them!! Choose your favorite NHL team, one of Midway's "special teams" or create your own. Choose your teams colors, jerseys, logos, your teams stadium and yes, even nicknames that the announcers will say during the game! And plenty more options to choose from! Trade players, fights, and even trivia questions that can earn you points to increase your players skills. There is even a "Skills" game that helps you increase your hockey skills to be a better opponent for the computer! This game has more features and options than I have mentioned here. Bottom line is this, NHL Hitz is the best 3 on 3 hockey game for any game system! This is a MUST for any video game player, even if are not a hockey fan! Go Avalanche!!
3	B00005QJ01	This game rocks!You can make your own team,players can have shark heads,gladiator heads,alien heads,knight heads,and more!You can also play on the moon,in a castle,in a gladiator arena,in shark tank,on a frozen pond,on a pirate ship,and more.You can also check guys through the glass.This is the best hockey game I have ever played!
3	B00005QJDS	Just out of curiousity I pulled Red Alert 2 out of mothballs. Especially in light of Generals, does RA2 still hold up? The answer, surprisingly enough, is yes!The two big attractions for Red Alert 2 are its unique units and its unashamedly B-Grade Movie Acting cheese factor. Firstly - to the units. Because RA2 isn't based on any real-life scenarios (Soviet Union invades America? Please.), this gives the developers creative freedom to create the craziest units imaginable. So we have soldiers with rocket packs (Rocketeers), Tanks that can camouflage themselves (Mirage tanks), and shock troopers that fire lightning bolts (Tesla Troopers). To this very day, the units in Red Alert 2 are still my favourites of all time.The second big attraction is how RA2 revels in its B-Grade movie roots. It was a huge surprise because so many game developers take the "grim and gritty" route. Red Alert 2 wallows unashamedly in its own cheesiness. It also introduced some very memorable characters. Udo Kier is suitably very creepy (in a cheesy way) as the Pscyhic Yuri. Tanya (played by Kari Wuhrer) - in addition to being a useful unit in the game, she's played with real charm and feistiness. There's Ray Wise as the US President, who's clearly sending up Bill Clinton. And finally, one of my favourite game characters of all time - General Carville, played brilliantly by Barry Corbin. He gets some great lines - one of my favourites is "I'm sick and tired of living in Canada. Get me my office back!". And his delivery really fires you up and makes you want to kick some Soviet [...].That (to me) is what separates Red Alert 2 from any other game before or since. It flatly refuses to take itself seriously and invites the player to have a lot of fun. The graphics may not be as advanced as Generals, but the gameplay and memorable characters more than make up for it.
3	B00005QJDS	I played this game about 2 years ago and I have to say that it's really a brilliant Real Time Strategy Game. I've been a fan of RTS games since I was 8 years old and "Red Alert" was the firts RTS that I ever played. It was the most memorable one too, so when "Red Alert 2" came out, I was thrilled to re-live my childhood conquests. Well, sorta...Many years after the War with Stalin, Russia has re-built her mighty army and has invaded the United States of America and Europe. In response to this invasion, The U.S has re-formed it's old alliances with Europe and launched a counter-offensive on the invading forces. In the middle of this epic struggle for World Domination is...you. You can either play as a Commander on the Soviets side or as one on the Allies. So what's your choice? Do you aid the Might Soviet Union in their quest for World Dominance? Or will you help the Allies push back the Russian scum? The storyline is not highly inventive, but is believable and interesting nonetheless. 9/10 for the storyline.If you're looking for a game with stunning graphics, "Red Alert 2" is not your answer. But it still looks sleek and the units are well defined and recognisable. But the graphics are pretty simple and there aren't too many visual effects, so 7/10 for "Red Alert 2" graphics-wise. In terms of gameplay however, this game is fantastic. The action is fast, furious and realistic and there are plenty of units and features to keep you busy for ages! 10/10 for gameplay. Soundwise the game's good, but I wouldn't say it's anything fantastic. You can hear sound effects and unit speech, but there could be more environmental noises. So "Red Alert 2" gets 7/10 for sound.There are plenty of units to keep you entertained. From the Allies highly-trained G.I's to their Aircraft Carriers and Chronospheres; and the Soviets Conscripts to their mighty Tanks and Atomic Bombs; the weapons and units will definitely not disappoint you. And the new option of Garrisoning buildings introduces Urban Warfare to the RTS experience. 10/10 for unit variety and features.In terms of difficulty, "Red Alert 2" can get pretty intense in some spots. I didn't find it quite as hard as the first game, but it was challenging in any case. I recommend those who are just starting RTS play the "Normal" difficulty on this game. But those who are seasoned commanders and generals are obligated to play it on the "Hard" setting. So "Red Alert 2" gets 4/10 for the "Easy" Difficulty, 6/10 for "Normal" and 8/10 for "Hard." So enjoy.Overall the game is fantastic. It has the option of playing skirmishes too, not to mention a multiplayer option. So it really is a sweet deal. "Red Alert 2" gets 10/10 overall for it's sheer fun-factor, lastabiliy and engaging gameplay. So go ahead, buy it, rent it, borrow it...but please, play it!
3	B00005QJDS	This is probably the classic strategy game on a pc.  My son loves this game, and so do I.  While it has lots of options for each nation you can play, there are not too many options like in Yuri's Revenge.  Some maps are excellent.  And you can create your own maps pretty easily with a free online program called Final Alert 2.It seems that RA2 crashes a lot from internal errors and that no one has published a way to solve this problem.  Even so, the game is dangerously addicting because it is so fun to play.  Probably the best war game we own on any system.If you have more than one pc that can go online via your ISP simultaneously, you might want a second copy so you can play with someone you know...that's even more fun.
3	B00005QJDS	I've been an avid Warcraft fan for years.  I bought War3 but actually don't play it because I don't have the time to master the aggressive AI, and hence went back to War2.  This game provides many more units and buildings than War2, with several options to configure the difficulty - number of players, whether they fight each other (free for all) and the difficulty level of each computer player.  You can play a quick skirmish against a single easy player in 10 minutes or spend 2 hours against several more advanced.This is definitely my new game of choice.
3	B00005QJDS	I am a tough person to please with games and I had not been able to get into anyother strategy game.  But this game changed it all!  This game is really worth your money It is the best strategy game on the market!  Red Alert 2 leaves all the other games in the dust from its easy controls, cool vehicles, maps, to the multi-play online.  Plus the graphics are outstanding! This is a game that any guy or gal into war and commanding troops would love.  If YOU are looking for a game to get your kid YOU found it! ENJOY!
3	B00005QJDS	Red Alert has always paved the way for technology (on the game engine side), with the original Red Alert making the leap into SVGA. Red Alert 2 features a truely enhanced 2D engine with huge structures.You finally get to fight on US soil (none of the previous C&amp;C engines could have done this justice like the Red Alert 2 engine does). Gameplay is more back to basic, User Interface has been revamped for the first time in the series.This doesn't feel like a sequel. If you've ever enjoyed C&amp;C, buy this now.
3	B00005QJDS	This game is definatly a step in the right direction for future RTS games.  Certainly, it's better than C&amp;C:TS.  It's about on par with the original RA, and has many creative and different units.  Unlike most other RTS games i've played, there are major differances between the armies, even down to the foot solder, where the allies domminate.  except in the Navy, where they preatty much are the same.  that kinda makes me sad, since the allies used to really kick in the water.  One advancement in t his game is that they replaced those pop-up in-mission game hints with video and audio cutsceanes.  While the acting is really bad, I expect to see that again in the future.  (Did this game come before or after Starcraft?)  While this game is without perfection, it is very entertaining, and anyone who is into RTS games should consider it, specially if you like the C&amp;C universe.
3	B00005QJDS	First off, this is the second review I've written for this game...I guess Amazon deleted all the reviews or something. Oh well, on to the review!Many people were turned off to the CC series with Tiberian Sun. &quot;It was too slow, too boring!&quot; they said. Fear not, for RA2 brings the fun back to this legendary series.At first glance, the game units and graphics almost look like they were taken straight out of a cartoon compared to past CC games. But you'll soon come to appriciate the graphics and the visuals. The units are fairly large; no more losing units in the background. Both the Soviets and the Allies have some impressive new units and some good ole' renditions from the old RA game. The Tesla Coil is back, and now, the Tesla trooper is a mainstay. The allies have some beefed up troops, who can deploy into stationary gunners that can be the bane of advancing Soviet troops. And let's not forget Professor Einstein and all his wonderful creations that he's going to cook up for the allies. Yes, the Soviets are not as technically advanced, but you'll love the brute force that they possess. You'll know no horror like when you're playing the allies and you suddenly see 10 Zepplins heading straight for your base. Ouch time.The cinimatics are better than most game movies, but they are fairly cheesy in some points (like the end movie for the allies). We finally get to see a living and breathing Eva and Tanya, and they're not to be taken lightly. And, they look good too (well, do you really think that EA and Westwood would choose Rosanne Barr to play Tanya?!?!).Overall, this is a very good game that could have been made a little better by having a few more single player missions. The game pace is frantic, fun, fast-paced, and exciting. You'll never be bored while playing this. It is a must-own for all strategy fans, and most computer game fans the world over.
3	B00005QJDS	This game came out 5 years ago, but I still play it. That is a testament to how great this game is. Not many old and NEW RTS games can match up to this one. The gameplay, graphics, sound, cheesy cut scenes, and replay value all get 5 stars from me.
3	B00005QJDS	well the tilte is kind of misleading.it played the game months after it.well the real strategy really begins to creep up when u play it in the hardest level.the last level is extremely difficult,so be prepared to give it a day.oh i am talking bout the american side, gives me kind of a high to thump the bad guys.lets see any bad things about the games.first of all cheesy videos.and i don't find anything else bad in this one.
3	B00005QJDS	I have 5 computers up and runing for the kids on the block out of all the games thay love RA2,I have played it for years and build maps and mods and the fun just keeps on comming.I know it is an old game but the kids still thinks is the best.So battle on Command & Conquer Red Alert 2.
3	B00005QJDS	This game has two disc's one is blue that the ally if you put that one in you'll be the American's fighting the Russions. The other is the red disc that's the enemy you can choose to fight against your own country. The Russions tanks are bigger and stronger but not as fast as the American's special agent Tanya for a woman is the baddest U.S. solider she can swim shoot very fast and plant bombs. The Russions dogs are white they are mean looking as well. The Soviet Union have a big nuclear missle silo.
3	B00005QJDS	This has to be one of my favorite PC games.  Despite the cheesy cutscenes and lame actors, the game does a good job of what its supposed to do: have battle sims.  The story doesn't seem as cheesy to me as others say it is, and the skirmish is the most fun ive ever had on the computer(if you dont like the game, then blowing apart the enemy with 36+ fighter planes is something you should try!)  Also, the demolition trucks and terrorists are pretty fun to just line up in an empty space and mass destroy(take that bin Laden ;) ) All in all, aside from cheesy cutscenes and [poor] acting, this game is top quality.
3	B00005QJDS	It is better than Red alert 1 and that is a very easy mission toaccomplice.The good part in this game is that you can put soldiers inside buildings.But the first game in this series is the best one.Buy it, i'm not stopping you.
3	B00005QJDS	Red Alert 2 has everyting that everyone wanted in Red Alert 1. It has better grapics, a better story, and fresh units. Both the Soviet and Allied single player mission are great and fun with interesting twists. As usual Westwood Studios has given us a great game with a good backstory and bad cinemas (but since most people don't even watch them it doesn't really matter.) Yet there is one problem with this great game, it's too easy. If you start the single player missions on normal it can be  challenging to beginners yet after a while it can get dull even on hard. Yet Westwood puts in a solution to that too. Since the game features single player skirmish battle and a wide array of multi-player games. It's one of the best RTS games I've ever played. If you're into RTS games this is a must have.
3	B00005QSLC	This is a fun game! I am not sure there is much higher praise that you could give a game nowadays. That's what really matters when we are playing, is if we are having fun and enjoying ourselves. Sure the graphics matter too, and they are quite impressive in this game. When I first started I was pleasantly impressed by the sharpness and how good it really looked. But my last experience with a Tony Hawk game was briefly playing THPS2 on the PS1. I did get to see THPS2 on the Dreamcast and I was impressed with the graphics on that game, but I personally had not played a THPS for a good length of time since the first one on the PS1.And just like the first one, this one is fun yet challenging. Tony Hawk games never seem to be easy, but they don't seem to be overly difficult either to where you just get frustrated and quit. There is a nice blend with fun and difficulty.One thing that I really like about THPS3 is the varying missions that each level presents. They are creative, and some are humorous. This seemed to start in THPS2, but again I really didn't play that game much.For Tony Hawk fans I need offer no recommendation for this game, you already know how fun these game can be. But for those that own and GameCube and are unsure about this game, this is one that I feel is worth giving a chance. I do not feel that I have wasted my money, and I am more of an RPG, Resident Evil, Legacy of Kain kind of games fan. So this game really isn't in what you might consider "my type of games". It is however fun, and again, that's what matters.
3	B00005QSLC	This is definately the most kick...Tony Hawk game to date.  As the THPS debut on NGC, it is definately living up to THPS tradition.  It brings in new skaters, including MTV's Jackass's Bam Margera.  The create-a-skater feature is even better than in THPS2.  The game improves on everything you saw in the previous games, and brings more.  Don't pass on this one.
3	B00005QSLC	THPS3 for GC is pretty much the same thing as the PS2 version except the fact that there is no online mode, but to make up for that the graphics are slightly better (but not much) and the framerate is higher. That's the way it is for a lot of ports on the GC, they'll just make the framerate higher on the game than it was on the original system it came out for. So if you don't care about online play, you'll be getting a special treat with the GC version with better graphics and framerate.
3	B00005QSLC	I liked all Tony Hawk games. This is the best one (of course) The only problem is that it gets boring after playing it.  I would suggest this for Playstaion instead of gamecube. Other then that there are alot of charactors, and it's a cool game.
3	B00005QSLC	I was not sure which system i was going to buy gamecube or Xbox. I was not sure because xbox had halo and gamecube had tony hawk 3. Well guess what Halo is nothing to Tony hawk 3. The game is the same thing as the past tony hawks except with new moves and new levels and a new character. The new character is Bam Margera from the show Jackass and some of the new levels are the factory and others. It was good that activision added the new revert move because it was stupid that you could not keep stringing together combos after a halfpipe, but now you can.P.S.Bob burnquist is not in the game anymore, rumors say ever since he won the x games he decided to make his own game. His game is supposed to be better then Tony Hawk but i don't see that happening.
3	B00005QSLC	Best Tony Hawk out there.  If you have a Cube, Xbox or PS2, this is an essential part of your game collection.  Local split-screen multiplayer with a bro is awesome fun for hours.  At around $6 shipped, there are not very many reasons to not get this game, unless you need to pay off some old bills, which still did not stop me :P
3	B00005QSLC	When I played THPS 2 for the Nintendo 64, I was blown away! The graphics and all the moves stunned me. I thought I was in heaven.Oh, how I was wrong.THPS 3 is THPS 2 to the 10th power. Every element of THPS 2 has been taken and supersized. With over 50 more tricks, all new levels, it can't get much better.What makes the new Tony Hawk Skater game so awesome is it's increased gameplay features. In 1P mode, you can choose from:Single sessionPlay any levels unlocked in career mode or any park you have created you self in the "Park Editor" mode. This allows you to get a taste of what career mode will be like without effecting your score.Career modePlay levels one at a time. After a certain number of goals are completed, a new level will unlock. In order, the levels are Foundry, (a construction place) Canada, (lots of snow, lots of rails) Rio, (A skating contest. If you get enough points and come in 3rd place a new level will be unlocked) Suburbia, (a quiet town) Airport, (Not the outside, just the inside) skaters island, (another skating contest) Los Angeles, then Tokyo. (The final skating contest.) And, once you complete 35 goals you unlock a special level where you are a cruise-ship (SWEEEEET!)Free skateUnlimited time. Just skate in any park created or level unlocked.TutorialLearn some basics of the game. It's hosted by Tony Hawk himself.In multiplayer (Only 2P maximum, which is still a downside) you can choose from games or just free skate. The games are:GraffitiBy doing a trick off a certain object (Halfpipe, bench, trailer, ANYTHING!) it will turn to your color. If your opponent does a trick off the same object, but receives a higher score, it will turn to his/her color. The person with the most "tagged" objects after 1-10 minutes (depending on what you selected) wins.Trick attackFree for all. Choose any place. Rack up as much points as possible. Person with the most points at the end of the game wins.HorseYou can select any word you want. (Horse, Skate, Loser, Superman, television...) A player goes first. He/she will do a trick, and, if landed, will receive a certain amount of points. If the next player can match or get more points than the other one, the other person has to match or get higher, etc, etc, until someone pulls off a score and the opponent fails to beat the score, or bails. After the person fails the same number of times are there are letters in the word, that person loses.SlapAnyplace, anywhere. When 2 skaters collide, the person with the faster skater knocks the slower one down and gets a point. The person with the most points at the end of the game, wins.King of the hillThere's a crown out there somewhere, and the 1st person to find it becomes king. While you're the king, your time will start counting down. (From whatever time you selected) To make things fair, you skate slower while wearing the crown. If your opponent is faster than you and collides into you, he/she is now the king, and your clock has stopped and there's has started up.Basically, it's amazing. However, the still only limited 2-person multiplayer bugs me. I'll give it a 9/10, which is still very, very, good.Graphics? You want Graphics? I'll show you graphics.  THPS 3 is amazing with every detail in the visual. The levels look amazingly 3D, along with every player. Every move has made it to look real and stunning. I couldn't make it better. With not a single 2D image, there is no way I can't give it less than a 10/10.This is skating we're talking about. You'd think all you hear is a WHACK when the skateboard lands. As the grinch would say: Wrongo! There are about 7 different sounds the game will make when a player lands the board. When a player bails, the sound of the board flying away and hitting something is heard. When a cool trick is performed, another SFX occurs. It's great. With GRRRRRREAT music to go along with it, sound gets 10/10Speed is an important element in THPS 3. I'm not talking about how fast you can travel; I'm talking about loading the game. I can't say I love it when it takes about 10-15 seconds to start a level, or to go to the park editor, or to save, or to go to the skateshop. Other GCube games don't take as long, so I'm going to stick with an 8/10 on speed. Sorry Tony!If you ever played Tony Hawk 2 for the N64, you know how annoying the controls where. With the design of the controller, you where stuck with sloppy movement. This is a BIG improvement. The revolutionized GCube controller makes THPS 3 a breeze. Every move can be executed with ease, and grinding is the Y button, which is very close to your fingers. I must say I'm much better at 3 than 2. 10/10 is awarded to the controlling.Replay ... Obviously! I'm not going to buy a skateboard game and play it once! I think all sports game need to have a 10/10 for replay or they just aren't worth buying. So, of course, Tony Hawk gets a 10/10.As you can see, if you're going to get a skateboarding game, get Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3.Cheats? Well, lemme tell you, it's pretty great. Just enter in 2 codes to unlock all the cheats and secret characters. With cheats on, during any gameplay you can press START, then turn any code you want on or off. With this great cheat element, I'll give it's score a +5Let's review:Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10Speed: 8/10Controls: 10/10Replay value: 10/10Total: 57/60 giving Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3 a 95.Bonus: With the +5 in cheats, Tony Hawk Pro skaters gets a perfect 100! (Wow, my 1st 100 given to a game. Now I'm even more convinced this a great game)
3	B00005QSLC	I've played a lot of games, and for my money, there's nothing more fun out there right now than the Tony Hawk series.  These games are truly original -- which you can tell because, since Tony Hawk 1 first came out, there've been a million imitators.  But as always, nothing beats the original.If you've played either of the previous THPS games, you know the drill.  You can pick from a number of customizable professional skaters and skate through a variety of unique environments where you'll find lots of places to do your tricks.Even if, like me, you have no interest in actual real-life skateboarding, this game is a blast.  The two-player modes are fun, but the game's signature is &quot;Career Mode&quot;, where you're given a number of goals to complete in each environment before you can &quot;unlock&quot; the next world.  This is great because it keeps the game from being overwhelming.  You can learn the massive number of tricks gradually and feel a sense of accomplishment at every step of the way as you check another task off your to-do list.  (Some are very easy, but others can be tricky.)A couple of caveats: one is that, while the environments in this game are more fun and more vividly realized than in THPS2, I found the gameplay to be somewhat easier this time around.  I ran through the level goals pretty quickly -- even the secret tapes were much easier to find.The other caveat: for parents of young kids, the game can be a little bloody.  On the one hand, it enhances the realism of the game, but only to a limited extent considering that the beaten-up characters always get right up and start skating again immediately after each bloodbath.  It's a little gruesome, but if your kids can handle it without freaking out, they'll probably love the goriness.Great soundtrack, too -- but my two favorite songs, &quot;Blitzkreig Bop&quot; and &quot;Fight Like a Brave&quot; are near the end of the rotation!  How about letting us customize the song order next time?
3	B00005QSLC	There's just no getting around it these days. Any of the Tony Hawk Pro Skater games and especially this last installment deserve your money and attention NOW! For those of you new to the concept crawl out from the rock you've been hiding under for the past 3+ years! For those familiar with the platform here's what's new: new tricks, special tricks, more skaters, better more skatable environments, a park editor that lets you create your own park, harder more challenging goals. There are also some cool hidden characters like DARTH MAUL, WOLVERINE, OFFICER DICK, etc. This is definitely a game that will keep you occupied for a long period of time (unless you use the cheats) and always fun to play no matter how many times you've solved it. All of these things= best game on Gamecube system so far! Buy it now!
3	B00005QSLC	Pro Skater 3 is on a higher platform, but its still the same great skateboarding game that it has always been. You can play as one of 13 pro skaters in skate parks located around the world, such as Japan, Canada and a cruise ship. Not much has improved, except for the graphics, and the fact that people can now be found in the skate parks! There are however new challenges, other than scoring points and jumping gaps. Now you can impress people to earn cash! Rather than buying stats like in Pro Skater 2, you now must earn them! There are also more advanced create a skater and park editors with different ramps, hazards and schemes like a beach! After all of that has been said, because I have played and beaten the past two games, this game offered only a week's worth of challenge. There is now smearing blood in the game.
3	B00005QSLC	tony hawk 3 is a great game its worth all the money ur paying and im sure u will think that if u play it stop wasting time and buy it
3	B00005QSLC	I love this game, i got it the day after christmas and i havent been able to sleep cause of it. Buy this game if u have gamecube. it is awsome. each time you beat the game, you get something new. I Completed the game on 1/21/02 and i got it on 12/26/01.  i reccomend this game or super smach bros: meleeThis game is awsome. every character is great in their own way.
3	B00005QSLC	Fan of skating or not, you will love Tony Hawk. Whether you've played the games in the past or are just picking it up for the first time, this is definitely one of the most addicting games to play. Skate your way thru different atmospheres while performing in your face, mind numbing tricks and completing wild tasks. Play as one of many given skaters or create your own...there are many tricks, specials, secrets, etc to be explored. This game will keep anyone, child-teen-adult, playing for hours upon hours. The music could have been a little better, but who cares...the tricks and combinations are wicked. The controls for the game can be some what a task to learn at first, but like every other game there is a practice area where they take you step by step through the basics to the advanced. Dont forget the create-a-skate park feature!
3	B00005QSLC	Tony Hawk's PS 3 for Gamecube has better graphics and frame rate thanthe PS2. You actually skate around in real environments, there are pedestrians, cars, and streetlightsthat respond to you. People will try to knock you off your board while you're riding around, and when you cross the street, the streetlights will turn red. This game has it all, even if you're nota big skateboarding fan. Everyone of all ages can play this game and enjoy it. Tony Hawk's PS 3 has a high replay value because you neverdo the same things over and over.If I had to pick a first game for the Gamecube, it would be Tony Hawk's PS 3. I highly recommend this game! God Bless America.
3	B00005QSLC	Here's are some tantalizing tidbits from the THPS3 review at Nintendorks. Enjoy!&quot;My first experience with a Tony Hawk title came at a friend's house after the release of the original on Playstation. Within an hour I knew exactly how addictive this game was, even though I knew almost nothing about skateboarding in general. And that right there is an important feature of the Tony Hawk series: it's so good, that you don't even have to own a skateboard, know how to use a skateboard, or even to have a desire to do these things to be hooked on this game. Any sports game that can pull you in and not let go even if you have merely a passing interest in the sport itself goes beyond the genre which seems mainly for enthusiasts and diehards and becomes quite simply, but all the more impressive, 'just a game.' Yes, it may seem like a derogatory thing to say, but Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3 is one of those games that defies its supposed genre and target audience and becomes something universal.This game is quite possibly one of the most replayable titles for launch, and probably will remain up there into next year. Even without online play, the multiplayer is outstanding, featuring a large and diverse number of modes to compete in. Graffiti is an addictive matchup that will allow for less experienced players to still have a shot at taking on even the most experienced player since often times victory goes to one with the opposite mantra of both Nintendo and the Iron Chef: 'quantity, not quality.' Yes, pulling off huge combos is always a good way to win, but I don't know how many times I've personally lost to people at this mode simply because they performed smaller point tricks on more places further out in the course. Horse is back and still exciting, as is the simple joy of Trick Attack. Oh yes, and let's not forget Slap! Yes, Slap! is one of the craziest modes, because you are attempting to build up your special meter and then run head-on into your opponent to score points. This mode is almost as addictive as the Battle mode in Mario Kart.Is this game worth adding to your GameCube collection? Yes. By all means. There are not words of proper caliber to express how addictive this game is. And if, by some bizarre act of psychosis, you get tired of the courses available, you have the option of making your own with the well constructed create-a-park feature. It takes awhile to create a worthy course, but once you do, you'll find yourself endlessly entertained by the fact that you're tricking off ramps you placed. In fact, that's a main theme in this game: self-satisfaction. Level goals and beating your friends can only go so far for entertainment value, but this game goes that extra mile and allows you to play simply for the sheer value of saying 'look what I can do,' and bringing a childlike enthusiasm to even the oldest gamer. If you're willing to put in the time, no matter who you are, you will grow to love this game.&quot;
3	B00005QSLC	Not being a fan of extreme sports, I did not think I would enjoy the Tony Hawk Pro Skater series.  However, a friend of mine got me hooked on Tony Hawk 2 for the Playstation and I was surprised at how much I thoroughly enjoyed it.  So, once I got my GameCube, Tony Hawk 3 was the second game I bought (after Rogue Leader, obviously!!).  I can say, unequivocally, that THPS 3 far surpasses its predecessors.  Not only are levels and gameplay more appealing rewardingly challening, this game also benefits tremendously from being on the GameCube platform.  I have played this game on PS2, as well, and it is a great deal more frustrating.  The key to what makes the GameCube version of THPS 3 so much better is how it takes advantage of the asymmetrical control pad.  Unlike the Playstation systems, GameCube's control buttons are set up in a manner where you do not need to be nearly as conscious of the buttons you are pressing, thereby freeing the player to focus more on what is happening on the screen (thus being more effective).  The buttons on the GameCube control have different sizes, shapes and placements on the pad which allows the player to know which button does which simply by feel, as opposed to the Playstation buttons which are all the same except for the design on each of them (forcing the player to be conscious of what buttons he or she is pressing).  Control issues aside, though, this game is fabulous.  It's just challenging enough without being frustrating.  I was personally able to accomplish 49 out of the 54 goals and got silver medals on the three competition levels before I had to resort to the cheats.  Games like this (along with Rogue Leader), in my estimation, give GameCube the early leg up in the Next Generation system wars with X-Box and PS2.
3	B00005QSLC	This is a good game, but I personally have had enough grinding and flipping on a skateboard. This game features new skaters, new courses, new boards FOR your skaters, and an updated make-a-course feature. This game is definately worth buying, but the series might die down after number four. You should probably rent this one before you buy.
3	B00005QSLC	For those of you unfamiliar with the long running Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series, you control one of many proffesional skateboarders (or one of your own creation) around various locales trying to complete goals. These goals include scores, collecting the letters S-K-A-T-E, finding a hidden tape, or finishing some randomized goals for each level. You can grind, grab or flip just about anything you see, and the controls for these tricks are mapped perfectly onto the GameCube controller, the only problem being the slightly too small B (flip) button. The newly added revert trick allows you to continue combinations out of vert tricks, letting you score a great deal higher than in the older games in the series. The only noticeable problem in the game is that the vert ramps are few and far between, so you are going to have to learn a whole new set of grinding skills if you want to have a chance of getting the high score on the levels. Very highly recommended for players of all ages, although parents may want to watch out for the lyrics of the songs and the blood that appears after a nasty spill.
3	B00005QSLC	I haven't really touched the Tony Hawk franchise until now, because A)I'm not a fan of extreme skateboarding in real life and B)there have been so many iterations that I didn't know what version to start with. But I grabbed Tony Hawk 1 for the N64, and was instantly hooked. Tony Hawk 3 continues that fun experience.When you get down to it, the differences between the first three versions at least are minimal. You have a large arena to skate in, and must complete certain objectives (nabbing a high score, helping people collect items, finding a secret tape, etc). The thing is the controls are so well-realized and the levels so varied that you'll always want to come back for another round, until you've spent hours trying to rack up that last high score. Each level has easy and hard objectives, and completing them in ascending order of difficulty really gives the player a sense of accomplishment.The graphics are average with some good skater animations. This isn't a huge leap from N64 to Gamecube, but its a noticible one that the later versions continued to build from. Tony Hawk 3 also comes with another selection of songs for your pleasure, and as usual theres something for everyone. If you haven't played any of the Tony Hawk series, start from the N64/PSX games and work your way up. If you're wondering what versions to get, they're all so well-executed and cheap now that it might be worth your money to try them all.
3	B00005QSLC	While it's the weakest THPS3, it's still great.  If you have an Xbox or a PS2, get it on one of those.  If you only have a Cube, it's still a solid title to add to your collection.
3	B00005QSLC	All i have to say is this game is much better then da one on PS2!!
3	B00005QSLC	you can buy this game for 10 bucks!!! somwhere else. i forgot where.
3	B00005QSLC	Tony hawk is back in his 3rd video game! Tony Hawk's Proskater 3!I have number #1 and #2 and compared to #3, the other ones are nothing. With more playable characters and levels than ever available, be prepared to sit on your floor(couch) playing this until it's beaten! (and there is also some really cool secret characters including,: Darth Maul, Wolverine, Officer Dick, Private Carrera, Ollie the Magic Bum, Kelly Slater, Demoness & The Neversoft Eyeball Guy!; type in code, FREAKSHOW to get them all) Interactive civilians and pedestrians walk around you and go on with their life, which is rather fun to watch. Large Levels which are seemingly never ending! and much, much more!The graphics on this game are incredible, the sound is great, the soundtrack is pretty good, the wide variety of customizations in Create-a-skater mode is incredible! And all in all I rate this game a 5-Star! I hope you would feel the same way about this game :)Thankyou for Reading.*Vapor*
3	B00005QSLC	THPS3 is one heck of a game. The controls are easy to learn,there's a cool soundtrack, and the pedestrians scattered throughout each level make a better, more innovative game.This game is recommended to any GameCube owner.
3	B00005QSLC	Other reviews have gone into what a great game THPS3 is, I think it is too, so I'll let them tell you how great it is, I'm going to compare the two major versions available (PC &amp; PSX versions excluded)I bought THPS3 for GameCube as a test: The next time a game comes out for both PS2 and GameCube, which one do I buy?  The answer: It depends.The most noticable difference between the PS2 and the GameCue version of this game is that there is no online play for the GameCube version, but it isn't like that matters since neither system has released their online adaptors yet.  So until Sony and Nintendo have their network adaptors (who cares about dial-up) on store shelves (or in my case, in Amazon warehouses) it is a moot point.GameCube advantages: Faster Framerate (for smoother motions) slightly better graphics (nothing to really scream about though), and it also wins out in the same battle N64 won over PSX... better 3-D environment.  In other words you don't end up seeing through sections of walls, or having it appear that the camera is now located inside of your character revealing the empty reverse of his hollow body.  Sure, this does not occur nearly as much as it did in PSX games, but it still happens.PS2 advantages: well, there is only one that I have found.  Lip balances!  On occasion with the GameCube version, when you try to grind on a surface you may instead end up doing some anti-gravitational lip balance.  Now this wouldn't bother me so much if it weren't for the fact that when it happens, the camera angle tends to shake (jitter) uncontrolably.  This may just be a bug in the game, hopefully it is not a GameCube thing that is going to occur in other games.Me, I'm keeping my GameCube version and selling the PS2 version to a friend, but that does not mean that I am going to buy a GameCube version over a PS2 version.  If a PS2 version comes out with better options, I'm getting the PS2 version.
3	B00005QSLC	Another excellent Tony Hawk game from Neversoft. They've made considerable improvements, especially the revert landing trick which enables you to link up all your tricks, this can lead to some crazy long sequences and a ton of points. There are also interactive people in the levels, you can hit them, they hit you, talk trash, etc. Each level is designed well, they're really big and interactive. The graphics have also been improved and polished nicely. The soundtrack isn't bad, but the songs get repetitive after playing for hours on end (which is inevitable with Tony Hawk games). All-in-all this game really delivers with enough significant improvements to keep the Tony Hawk franchise on top.By the way - there really isn't much difference between the GameCube and PS2 version. The GameCube does offer slightly improved graphics, but nothing major. It's worth your money to buy this game for either console.
3	B00005QTDP	I always love a good tetris game and I certainly enjoy one with all the fun graphics this one had
3	B00005QTDP	It has been a while since I played this game, but it is a fun game and keeps me playing for an hour or so.
3	B00005QTDP	There just have been so many games that are just so nostalgic, they keep coming back better and better. There are times where it either keeps getting better, or just keeps losing ground. That has happened with so many different classic games like Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, and it has happened again with the most classic addictive puzzle game of all time, Tetris. Since this game originated from Russia in the 80's, it has taken on the world by storm, and just keeps surprising so many different gamers of all ages. Yet, while so many just variations lose ground from Tetris, others just come out swinging.Tetris Worlds is a collection of six different variations of Tetris that really are just amazing. There is the classic Tetris, as well other recognized, new variations of the game including Hot-Line Tetris, the learning game Learning Tetris, which is more like a basic instruction game that teaches people how to play Tetris, Fusion Tetris, Sticky Tetris, and Square Tetris. The graphics are just gorgeous and the gameplay is very simple to operate, with the push of a button on the keyboard. There are also the 2 classic modes from Tetris for all these games such as the story mode, and the arcade mode, where you have to beat the clock to try to clear as many lines as possible.While you look at so many games that depend on out of the ordinary graphics, it is sometimes so easy to forget about classic games like Tetris. If you have played the game before, Tetris Worlds is a well worth buy for the computer. If you haven't played this puzzled legend before, it is definitely worth the try. Don't be boxed in, without trying this great, delightful game.Graphics: B+Sound: B-Control: A-Fun & Enjoyment: B+Overall: B 1/2+
3	B00005QTDP	I had to write a review because of the undeserved negative reviews of this game.  I noticed that one reviewer claimed that the game does not work on Windows XP.  I am playing it on Windows XP and there are no problems.  Maybe this person does not have the minimum requirements to play video games on his or her system.  I really love this game and enjoy throwing it in whenever I feel the need for an hour or so of mindless puzzle action.  It is better than the old Tetris.  If you like old drabby graphics then by all means stick to the old Tetris.  If you like more vibrant colors and cool music background and sound effects then check out Tetris Worlds.  I highly recommend this game to everyone of all ages.
3	B00005QTDP	I don't know what the other reviewers were playing because this game is just fun.  I found that I couldn't stop playing it.  It is highly addicting.  One reviewer complained that you have to insert the disc in order top play it.  But what pc game does not require you to insert the disc?  I highly recommend this game to all puzzle freaks and those who loved the old Tetris.  The old tetris was great.  But it needed some sound and graphic upgrade and this is just what it is.
3	B00005QWWD	This was the sixth title I've gotten for my PS2 and I'm happy to say, it's awesome.  The gameplay is fun and frantic and the graphics are pretty impressive.  My favorite part of the game, aside from it's challenging missions, are the go-anywhere levels and the sense of speed you can get from a 4-wheeler.  It's just an all-out blast, whether you're plowing through the swamps, or tearing across the desert.My only complaint about the game isn't a real biggy, but I really feel that we could have done without the EXTREMELY tacky FMV.  It makes me feel like I'm watching one of those movies that the USA network only airs early in the AM.  They're pretty bad, and the acting is worse.  It's also kinda distracting, but not enough to take away from the fun of the game.  Luckily, we have the option of skipping through this mess.  FMV was cool when the first playstation came out.  Not anymore.Anyway, the Hostile Territory is a load of fun and the reply value will make you glad that you bought it.  If you're looking for a game with some variety that will keep you busy well into the year, look no further.  enjoy.You may also wanna check out Grand Theft Auto 3, if you already haven't.
3	B00005QWWD	This game is fun for everyone, gives you more vehicles than the first edition, and more than one terrain to play in.  Great game for a through back.
3	B00005QWWD	The police vehicles are not nearly as obnoxious as in the first game. Much better vehicles all around this time. Hours of fun to be had here. My six year old and eight year old love it, too.
3	B00005QWWD	For all of you gamers out there who loved Smuggler's Run as much as I did, you are in for a treat. Rockstar did it again with an all new adventure that will keep you on the edge of your seat as well as cursing the levels that require playing numerous tims to pass, only to fel like a god when you do accomplish that task. Smuggler's Run 2 Hostile Territory is just that. Hostile Territory sums this game up to a T. The police, border control, and armed services are even more hardcore than on the original Smuggler's Run so for those of you who had gotten frustrated by the first Smuggler's Run because of the security than maybe this game isn't for you. However...For the rest of you, I highly recommend getting SR2, You WON'T regret it. I PROMISE!!!!!
3	B00005QWWD	One of the most well balanced games I've seen. If you have a GameCube, get Smuggler's Run on it, because it's just an improved verson of this game. The only thing I dont like about this game is how they still took out the animals and pedestrians when you play the game multi player. What else are 2 people gonna do on "Free Run" mode. Come on Rockstar.
3	B00005QWWF	NFL2K2 was a great game on the Dreamcast, and the Dreamcast is no where near as powerful as the Xbox will be. A great franchise, a great system, what could go wrong???
3	B00005QWWF	I own the Xbox which is awesome.  This game is neat. It has good graphics and plays.  The players and stadiums look real. If you are a hardcore NFL fan, buy it.
3	B00005QWWF	SEGA SPORT NFL 2K2 is a excellent!!! football game on the game systemI give it 5 Stars &quot;Highly Recommended&quot; to buy this game call SEGA SPORTS NFL 2K2 for the game system
3	B00005QWWF	The first game I ever demoed on the Xbox was NFL Fever at one of those kiosks in Best Buy.  I thought NFL Fever was pretty cool but it didn't make me want to buy it that instant.  For months after Xbox was released, I read reviews, watched videos and looked at screenshots of Madden &amp; NFL Fever, trying desperately to decide between the two.  Meanwhile, a third football game comes on the market.  They did  a decent job with 2K1, the videos looked tremendous, and people were pretty optimistic about 2K2.  This long time fan of EA Sports (NHL, FIFA, &amp; Triple Play) decided to abandon Madden and give Sega a try.I am still blown away each time I play this game.  I am so glad I decided to wait.  I can't speak for Madden, but every aspect of 2K2 seems to be slightly to much better than NFL Fever.  The graphics are lifelike, commentary is colorful and insightful, and the gameplay is the best.  You can actually have a decent running game in NFL2K2, which has historically been tough to do in football games.  How about an example that illustrates just how awesome this game is?  I fumbled on the 20 yard line, picked up the fumble, and my running back takes it in to the end zone for a TD.  The announcers actually made JOKES about how this could have been a designed play.  I got a delay of game on the extra point because I sat there with my mouth agape.  Even the instant replays are better than any other game I've seen.  They swivel 360 degrees on catches and sometimes clip together several segments from different angles.I also wanted to take a sec to respond to a few of the negative reviews about this game.  Someone commented that it is a strange menu interface.  Different yes, strange no.  It isn't that hard to get used to.  It doesn't take any longer to cycle through menus than other games.  Regarding the other review listing a number of negative things... I question this person's authenticity, as they wrote their review well before the release date of this game.  Perhaps they are reviewing 2K1?  It is simply not true that there aren't big hit replays, but they must be on a big play (sacks, 4th down stops).  Players DO grip the ball well, the best I've seen to date.  And as far as the comment regarding no helmet popping hits... perhaps you need to learn where the turbo and tackle buttons are, because my controller rattles non-stop when I'm on D.Get this, and prepare to be blown away.  Now, my season calls...
